



Pizzagate / Pedogate
A No-nonsense Fact-filled r eader
Preface
I therefore determine that serio us human rights abuse and corruption
around the world constitute an unusual and extraordinary threat to the
national security , foreign policy , and economy of the United States,
and I hereby declare a national emer gency to deal with that threat. —
Executive Order 13818, Dec. 20, 2017
 
Pizzagate means many things to many people, the angle of the lens may be
different but the focus zeros in on a common body of incontestable facts.
The fruit of top researchers collected in this reader allows you to compare,
correlate and derive a flexible synthesis.
An era of wild contradiction is upon us in the press.
The psychopathic rumblings that pass for political discours e bring the
artform of infotainment to a golden blossoming. A bookstore display table
featuring The Fixers; The Bottom-Feeders, Crooked Lawyers,
Gossipmongers, and Porn Stars Who Created the 45th President versus
Witch Hunt; The Story of the Greatest Mass Delusion in Americ an Political
History are both talking about the same man, someone who paid for his
campaign out of his own pocket . There were no big donors from China and
the traditional bank of puppeteers. This created a HUGE problem, one
whose solution threatened the money holders and influence peddlers. New
leadership and a presidential order  that threw down the gauntlet, a state of
emer gency , seeded the storm clouds. The starting gun was fired,  all systems
were go, the race had begun. FISAs and covert operations sprang into
action. The envelopes are being  delivered, the career decisions are being
made, should I move on or stay the course. The Cuban  cells and



enlar gements are underway complete with hospital facilities. The new
judges are being appointed. This time the assassination attempts have failed.
The finger -pointing and name-calling continues to obscure the the real
events. The show must go on and the Ringmaster is astute and resolute,
failure is not an option. The storm is brewing. We are told to “Trust the
Plan” and so it is.
 
 
The seams are slowly coming undone, the truths and secrets are being
resorted. People on the inside are coming outside with courageous tongues.
Researchers scrub the web for clues. What will we come to know and
when? Many are hearing a new mysterious voice, Qanon:
“Never interfere with an enemy while he’s in the process of destroying
himself.”
“Those who were once protected are no longer .
Timing is EVER YTHING.
Hunters become PREY ."
"Q."
And so it is, day by day, case by case, docket by docket, the dominoes fall,
overt and covert, thousands of indictments, thousands more freed from
slavery . The media screams, fewer and fewer listen, fate is sealed in a new
uncomfortable way. As the trickle grows, the cries echo louder and louder
until one by one they are swallowed. Lives are at stake. Treason is a capital
offense. The goats are lining up at the gallows, unable to view the Looking
Glass.
And so the secrets of the dark controllers are coming to see the naked light
of day and that is what Pizzaga te/PedoGate signals, here and abroad. The
time worn systems of control crumble puppet by puppet.



Many thanks to the many hard workers who are sharing their insights
gleaned from countless hours, deep digging, and a shared bipartisan
determination, a relentless search for the roots of truth.
The silent war , the busy jury rooms, the sealing and unsealing, day by day .
"Where do roads lead? ... Pure EVIL. 'Conspiracy'"
"Human Sacrifice, Cannibalism & Hillary"
 
 
 
 
Pizzagate: The Complete Story
Ace of Swords
2nd Edition
The author and sole copyright owner , Ace of Swor ds, has placed all editions
of this book into the public domain.
Buying this book supports Aceloewgold.com. Ace of Swor ds’ Pizzagate
series is available fr ee of char ge at:
https://aceloewgold.com/category/pizzagate/
A Note on Images & Other Media
Included for purposes of news reporting and commentary , images and
articles appearin g in this book fall under the Fair Use doctrine of United
States copyright law, and do not constitute an infringement of copyright. In
some cases, images have been modified slightly to protect the identities of
their subjects or to highlight details relevant to the text.



Foreword
When WikiLeaks released emails from John Podesta, Hillary Clinton’ s
2016 campaign chairman, Trumpists and conservatives had high hopes for
the bombshells they might contain. Journalists digging through them didn’ t
find anything particularly incriminating.
But meanwhile,  online sleuths on the fringes of the web did find
something rather strange: despite the fact that most of the thousands of
emails were perfectly comprehensible and rather mundane, the self-styled
researchers began discovering emails that were impossible to comprehend.
With references to cheese pizza and other curiosities, they contained bizarre
syntax and seemed to hint at hidden meanings.
Following the online conversations surrounding the email release
was a pseudonymous blogger known as Ace of Swor ds, writing for a little-
known opinion blog called Aceloewgold .
Sensing that the controversy around the mysterious language in the
Podesta emails would go viral, “Ace” began following the conversations on
obscure message boards and conservative forums. Chronicling what the
sleuths discovered, the phenomenon known as “Pizzagate” would soon
explode. The drama culminated  in a stunning climax wherein a real-life
gunman opened fire at a Washington, D.C. pizza joint.
Some will find Ace’ s findings compelling and others will find them
absurd. But as a result of discovering Pizzagate at its origin, Aceloewgold
managed to become one of the few blogs or news outlets that were able to
report comprehensively on it in real-time, starting at the very beginning.
Since it was published, numerous resources cited in the original
series have been taken of f the web.
This book presents, with minimal additional commentary or edits,
Ace of Swords’  reporting and opinions of what would becom e the most
bizarre story of the 21st century . Pulled from the multi-article series on
Aceloewgold , this is the complete story of Pizzagate.
For this second edition, I have corrected some now-debunked fake
news about a faux-dental chair  that was reported to have existed in child
trafficker Jeffrey Epstein’ s Palm Beach, Florida mansion. This was a false



claim misreport ed by news outlets covering Epstein’ s first arrest, and was
repeated by popular pundits and in Pizzagate coverage on Aceloewgold .
Now that the claim has been debunked, the detail has been corrected both
online and in this edition of the book.



Part I: The Origins of Pizzagate



Chapter 1: The Pizza-Related
Handkerchief
Some may have noticed the hashtag #Pizzagate around the Internet
lately , and aren’ t sure what it’s all about. So, what is #Pizzagate? In the post
that follows I will provide a #Pizzagate summary to explain the movement’ s
origin, outline which of its claims have been confirmed as verifiable facts,
and offer my own conclusion as to whether or not you should be paying
closer attention.
Quite a bit of context and explanation is required to do an
explanation of the “#Pizzagate” phenomenon justice. Also, a disclaimer: In
addition to being difficult to digest, much of the research into #Pizzagate
was originally being conducted by web sleuths who suppor ted Donald
Trump for president. I only mention that because those with anti-T rump
sentiments seem  especially at risk for a knee-jerk rejection of the theories
involved.
However , keep  in consideration that information gleaned by
someone with a pro-T rump viewpoint does not necessarily invalidate the
significance of the facts and connections uncovered. Forget their voting
habits and other  assumptions you may have about them for a moment, and
just consider the following with an open mind so you’re equipped to judge
it on its own merits. The work of the researchers reflects a recognition that
similar scandals have happened  on both sides of the political aisle, and are
completely bipartisan.
First, we have to establish some necessary background. WikiLeaks
published emails from Hillary Clinton’ s private email server , along with a
huge series of email dumps from 2016 presidential campaign chairman
John Podesta’ s account. Podest a isn’t just a Clinton campaig n chairman,
however . He’s a long-time political operative rated as one of Washington’ s
most influential people.
Unsurprisingly , the majority of the contents from emails associated
with the two leaks are mundane. But web sleuths on Reddit and 4Chan, two



discussion board  websites, found something strange buried within the email
dumps: nonsensical references to pizza.
For a bit of context, Reddit is more “mainstream,” so to speak, while
4Chan is rather infamous for its reputation for being a stronghold for,
among other things, the sharing of depraved and illegal content.
Further digging into the emails found similarly strange references to
pasta, along with some other words peppered strangely into nonsensical
sentence constructions. Regardless of what they actually mean, the
explanation that makes the most logical sense to many who have read the
messages is this: they’re speakin g in code. About what, we can’t be certain.
But read the messages in question below to see for yourself.
In perhaps the strangest of the emails  suspected of containing
code words, Podesta and anothe r party are discussing a “handk erchief” he
left at a house rented for a private event of some kind:
Re: Did you leave a handker chief
From:john.podesta@gmail.com
To: ses@sandlerfoundation.org Date: 2014-09-04 02:28
Subject: Re: Did you leave a handker chief
It’s mine, but not worth worrying about.
On Sep 2, 2014 2:54 PM, “Sandler , Susan” wr ote: >
Hi John, > > > > The realtor found a handkerchief (I think it has a map
that seems > pizza-related. Is it yorus? They can send it if you want. I know
you’re > busy, so feel free not to respond if it’s not yours or you don’t want
it.
> > > > Susaner > > > >
*From:* Kathryn Tate [mailto:kathy@ktate.com] >
*Sent:* Tuesday , September  02, 2014 10:04 AM >
*To:* Sandler , Susan > *Cc:* Sandler , Herbert >
*Subject:* You left something at the Field house
I just came from checking the Field house and I have a square cloth >
handkerchief (white w/ black) that was left on the kitchen island. > > Happy
to send it via the mail if you let me know where I should send it. > > > > I
also meant to inquire yesterday  about the pillows you purchas ed. I can >
send them as well, if you let me know where they are in the house. > > > >



Safe travels to all > > Kate > > > In another strange one, subject line
“Cheese ,”  someone emails Podesta expressing surprise at “changing
strategies which have been long in place,” then says he opened a box
expecting to see “pasta and sauces” but instead saw “an assortment of
cheeses” and he’s looking forward “to demolish them.” One could
conceivably say that perhaps Podesta sends friends a yearly Christmas of
pasta and sauces, but changed it up suddenly and began fancy cheeses
instead.
However , he attaches a post script:
“Ps. Do you think I’ll do bette r playing dominos on cheese than on
pasta?”
It’s indeed rather hard to make sense of his post script.



Chapter 2: STRATFOR Shares a
Single Slice
Upon further digging in other WikiLeaks email dumps, sleuths found
more nonsensical pizza references.
This email  came from a leak including communications from
within Stratfor , an American intelligence company that serves a secret list
of client s rangin g from governmental agencies to Fortune 500 companies.
In the email, a Stratfor employee discusses some kind of event where a
single slice of pizza will be shared amongst a variety of people—odd, to say
the least (odd part italicized).
It also mentions the colors “blac k and white,” which were the colors
of the pizza-rela ted handkerchi ef from the Podesta email in chapter one:
—–Original Message—–
From: Robin Blackburn [mailto:blackburn@stratfor .com]
Sent: Thursday , August 02, 2007 9:42 AM
To: Chris Douglas
Cc: stratforaustin@stratfor .com
Subject: Re: headcount for  pizza
Does the pizza offer include those of us who can’t make the meeting
because
we’re out here editing? ‘Cos if so, count me in.This e-mail is color -coded in
black and white and will combust in 30 seconds.
Chris Douglas wrote:
> Headcount!
>
> Who all is in the Austin of fice today who is going to want pizza? We
> only have one slice and we need to know how thinly to slice it…
>
> Simply send a single response, filed, color -coded, double-sided and
> appropriately labeled, signed in triplicate and set on fire.



There are plenty of references to food in the Podesta and other email
leaks that don’t appear so cryptic, contain normal syntax, and are easily
comprehensible, but others, like the above, seem to clearly contain code
words of some kind. Now , we’ll move on to the seemingly unbelievable
explanation for the code.



Chapter 3: Cheese Pizza—A
Code for What?
Remember how I mentioned 4Chan having a blemish on its history for
being a platform where illegal depravity was being shared? Well, according
to longtime 4Channers, the strangely-worded messages were chock full of
very well-establ ished early Internet and “Dark Web”  code words for
child porn, pedophilia, and BDSM. Here’ s how they break it down:
Handker chief:  BDSM code, different colors have different meanings 
but black indicates sadomasochism in some circles (variable depending on
community)
Pillows:  Drugs (variable)
Cheese Pizza:  Child pornography
Cheese:  Child
Pasta:  Boy
Hot Dog:  Boy
Dominos:  BDSM domination
Chicken:  Young boy
For one example, here’ s a screen grab from an advert on the deep web
where someone is selling child pornography as “Cheese Pizza”:



So the idea that 2016 Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta is
part of a powerful crew of global-level pedophiles, and that they’re
discussing it in their emails, is utterly outrageous—right? It may seem so at
first glance, but the more you dig, the more the utterly bizarre connections
and coincidences pile up.
Bear with us, as some news outlets are already accusing “alt-right
conspiracy theorists”  and “white nationalists” (an absurd claim, not
provable by either side, and also an easy way to deflect attackers without
addressing their claims directly ) for #Pizzagate making something out of
nothing. But a measured study of what has been discovered provides more
than enough for any objective observer to at least raise an eyebrow .
Also note that since the indepen dent investigation began, there has
been active suppression of research on Reddit, 4Chan, and Twitter via mass
post deletions and DDoS attac ks, while “skeptical” articles deriding the
theories and completely unrelated content have begun appearing, pushing
search results pertaining to the actual #Pizzagate research further and
further down in search results.
In addition, as a sidebar to the apparent outrageousness of the
overall topic, there have been decades’  worth of documentaries and
scattered reports about pedophili a and ritual abuse in elite circles . 
Corey Feldman, Elijah Wood, et. al  discussing it in Hollywood ,  the



“Boy’ s Town”  allegations in Nebraska outlin ed in the documentary
Conspiracy of Silence ,  a Jerry Sandusky victim claimi ng Sandusky was
only part of a much larger pedophile  ring,  rampant human trafficking
and sex slavery in U.S. ally Saudi Arabia  through embassies and
diplomatic centers in the US,  a cover -up acknowledged in the
mainstream media regarding widespread pedophilia in the British
Parliament ,  tabloid allegati ons British serial rapist Jimmy Savile was
part of a larger Satanic child sex ring , US soldiers told to ignore violent
pedophilia  in the Afghani military ranks even when it occurred on US
military bases, high-level Penta gon staffers  caught buying child porn
and the investigation seemingly swept under the rug, global-level
pedophilia cove r-ups  from within the Catholic church ,  an alleged
pedophilia ring going all the way to the top of UNICEF (also known as the
United Nations Children’ s Fund) …the list goes on and on.
Given that context, it seems reasonable to keep an open mind  that
some of these cases of VIP pedophile rings  might be connected.




Chapter 4: “Toddlers and
Infants Spread Throughout the
House”
On to more emails. This next email feels pretty normal, until the
cryptic final sentence  of a particular paragraph (italicized for easy
viewing). In it, Pew Charitable Trusts Senior Vice President Tamera
Luzzatto makes  an odd stateme nt that a toddler was “rubbing my nose at
5:45….”
While not explic it, it is odd, and the excessive dots for the ellipses
seem to imply some kind of hidden meaning or in-joke. And in the wider
pattern of strangeness that I contend exists, a nefarious meani ng starts to
feel even more plausible: Fwd: Dupuytr en’s Advance Info for John
Podesta
From:Luzzatto@aol.com To: podesta@ici.org,
john.podesta@gmail.com
Date: 2009-12-20 16:06
Subject: Fwd: Dupuytr en’s Advance Info for  John Podesta
Hoping this gets to you from my close friend and fellow-hand- sufferer,
Patrick Schmidt. We had a Luzzattopalooza yesterday , with Marisa-Paul-10
month Evie staying with us alrea dy while their house gets painte d, and Ben-
Alex sledding their 3 over to “help” us decorate the tree. When the parents
got back to retrieve children, they threw in the towel (and about 19 pieces
of winter clothing) to stay for tortellini and an overnight. So, 6 grownups
with 2 toddlers and 2 infants spread throughout the house, and sure enough
one of those toddlers was rubbing my nose at 5:45……….
This next one from Luzzatto describes three children as being
present at a party “for entertain ment.”  There are conc eivable contexts
where this could be innocent—maybe these particular youngsters are



famous for brightening parties with their cutesy hijinks—but stick around,
as there will be more to consider later .
Re: Farmers L Update and Welcome Mat
From:tavincent57@gmail.com To: tluzzatto@pewtrusts.org CC:
jhaber@cascadestrategy .com, Bonnie.Levin@medstar .net,
lsavage55@verizon.net, KleinK@wharton.upenn.edu,
john@gomperts.net, podesta.mary@gmail.com  Date: 2015-10-08 13:45
Subject: Re: Farmers L Upda te and Welcome Mat we’re in, thank s
for the invite.
On Thu, Oct 8, 2015 at 9:26 AM, Tamera Luzzatto wrote: With
enormous gratitu de to Advance Man Extraordinaire Haber , I am popping >
up again  to share our excitemen t about the Reprise of Our Gang’ s visit to >
the farm in Lovettsville. And I thought I’d share a couple more notes: > We
plan to heat the pool, so a swim is a possibility . Bonnie will be > Uber
Service to transport Ruby , Emerson, and Maeve Luzzatto (11, 9, and >
almost 7) so you’ll have some further entertainment, and they will be in >
that pool for sure. And with the forecast showing prospects of some sun, >
and a cooler temp of lower 60s, I suggest you bring sweaters of whatever >
attire will enable us to use our outdoor table with a pergola overhead so >
we dine al fresco (and ideally not al-CHILLo). > > > > I am ccing Trudy to
repeat the invite, and sending pining > wishes-you-could-com e to Rima,
John P , and Laurie & Chris. > > > > Con amore, Mrs. Farmer L
> > > > Tamera Luzzatto
Make what you will of the “ente rtainment,” but at the very least, the
wording is a bit strange. And according to the documentary An Open Secret,
Clinton Global Initiative memb er and former child actor Brock Pierce led
Hollywood parties which would turn after hours into late-night “pool
parties” where youngsters were abused as part of a pedo ring. But that’s
only where the pedophilia links  to people in the Clinton camp begin. Cue
Laura Silsby .



Chapter 5: Who is Laura Silsby?
Laura Silsby , Baptist missionary ,  was the head of an organizatio n
called the New Life Children’ s Refuge. She had plans to open an orphanage
in the Dominican Republic, but the government in the DR said no
applications were ever submitted. Furthermore, her organization was never
registered as an adoption agency or a non-profit charity .
Despite her organization lacking any of the required registrations to
make it legitim ate, in the wake of the Haitian earthquake several years
back, Silsby and her group attempted to bring 40 Haitian children out of the
country and was stopped at the border . She was warned that she would be
arrested if she continued attempting to do so.
Apparently undeterred, she made another attempt. This time she had
33 children she was trying to traffic out of the country illegally , and was
arrested. In Clinton emails from the WikiLeaks, Silsby’ s process for finding
these orphans is described as—fundamentally— driving around in a bus and
taking children off of the street  who appeared to be orphans, a
classification for which they presented no evidence for to authorities.
Indeed, it was discovered that none  of these 33 children were
orphans at all and had families. Their parents were told the children would
be educated and sheltered, and that parents and relatives woul d be able to
visit them, even going so far as to claim that parents would get to stay in
seaside villas during visitation periods. So not only did they lie, but lied
quite elaborately in order to get the parents to hand over their kids.
Adding even more highly disturbing fuel to the Silsby fire is the fact
that a lawyer allegedly materialized, offering bribes to officials to release
Silsby and her cohorts out of jail. After that failed, Silsby’ s primary lawyer
in the case was a man named Jorge Anibal Torres Puello. Bizarrely , Torres
Puello was accused of leading a human trafficking ring in the Dominican
Republic  that allegedly posted pornograp hic images of underage girls on
the web and sold them into forced prostitution.
While Torres Puello claimed to be part of a large law firm with 45
members, investigations revealed a modest  office  that could not possibly
support anywher e near that many staff members. An attorney for one of the



faux-orphan’ s families claimed Torres Puello also lied about holding a law
license in the state of Florida, a claim Torres Puello denied ever making.
Hacked Clinton  emails show a history of interest in Silsby and
her work, and the Clinton Foun dation was active in Hatian orphan rescue
operations after the earthquake there. And guess who swept in to help get
Silsby of f the hook?  It was none other than Hillary Clinton herself.
Why did Silsby pretend  that these kids were orphans when they had
families? Why did she spin elaborate, brazen lies to the families to conceal
the fact that the kids were actually going to be leaving forever , never to be
seen by their families again? Why was Silsby , suspicious enough on her
own to raise concern, being advised by an accused child sex trafficker?
Lastly , why did Clinton take an interest in her unarguably sketchy legal
case, and dedicate time and resources to reducing her char ges?
After being cleared of her legal troubles, Silsby became associ ated
with the company that provides  the technology for the Amber Alert system
—the infrastruc ture used to alert the American public about children who
have recently gone missing.
In an interesting recent twist, a woman named Monica Petersen,
who had spent years researching human trafficking in Haiti, was recently
found dead. Her friends and family are being kept in the dark regarding the
circumstances of her death. According to one of her friends, she had
uncovered a Clinton connection regarding the child trafficking she had been



investigating in Haiti:



So the question is, just how many coincidences of this nature would
have to be uncovered before those in question would qualify for further
scrutiny? And the Haiti mysteries are just one element of this strange
puzzle.



Chapter 6: The Most Influential
Pizza Joint Owner of All Time
Also in Hillary’ s circle is a pizza joint owner named James Alefantis.
Alefantis has been named one of the 50 most powerful people in
Washington, D.C.. Let that sink in for a second. This is not some aging
former senator who opened a pizza joint as a retirement gig, or a mega-
lobbyist who plays restaurateu r on the side to fulfill some childhood
fantasy . This guy is just the owner of a pizza joint, that’s it. And somehow
he has leveraged  the position to become one of the most powerful players in
a city containing  perhaps the highest concentration of influenc e anywhere
on earth.
Shockingly , even a cursory delve into the details behind his pizza
restaurant leave a web of connections to the DC elite along with cryptic
references to “gay babies,” children in general, bondage, and murder . All,
remember , discovered after self-styled web sleuths combing through
WikiLeaks discovered bizarre references to “pizza” in the Podesta emails.
Alefantis’  restau rant, Comet Ping Pong, is a divey pizza joint with
ping pong tables in the back. It is host to all kinds of democratic party
events and fundraisers. Alefantis also happened to be the romantic partner
of David Brock, influential head  of Correct the Record, an organization that
tackles alleged right wing media bias, and a close Clinton confidant.
Discovery of the first direct connection between Clinton and Comet
Ping Pong emer ged when researchers began searching the email leaks for
other strange references to “pizza,” and discovered many mentions of
Comet Ping Pong hosting everything from Clinton for President fundraisers
and Obama campai gn phone banks  to birthday parties for John
Podesta’ s brother Tony. Oddly , records also show Geor ge Soros-funded
PACs donating thousands  of dollars to the restaurant, and Alefantis
himself visiting the White House on several occasions:



Chapter 7: Creepy Instagrams &
Artwork
Soon after #Pizzagate researchers discovered Alefantis’  Instagram
account, it was set to “private” and could no longer be viewed . Thanks to
screenshots, however, we can still see the bizarre posts and comments
involving incomprehensible references to children, sex, and even murder .
Please note—the following images are indeed strange, but are also
potentially disturbing, given the context of the child traf ficking theory .
This first shot is a barren walk-in freezer at Comet Ping Pong.
Alefantis, unde r Instagram handle “jimmycomet,” leaves the strange
comments “Oh yeah this looks fun” and “#murder .” One of his friends
comments “#killroom.” A third person says “Just rinse it off when you’re
done”.
If nothin g else, there’ s clearly some kind of macabre “in-joke” that
we’re just not getting:



When researchers checked health inspection records for the
restaurant, they indicated that there was no inspection of any walk-in
freezer . Is this freezer at Comet  Ping Pong? If so, why wasn’ t it inspected?
If not, why is a freezer at anothe r restaurant being discussed on the owner ’s
Instagram? Upon inspecting the Instagram account of the “#killroom”
commenter , researchers found it to be full of images of coffee tables he
constructs to resemble baby cof fins:



Another post shows Marina Abramovic, the woman who held the
openly Satanic “Spirit Cooking” ritual referenced in emails to Tony
Podesta. Accor ding to her statement from a 2013 Reddit “Ask Me
Anything” event, this ritual is performance art when done publicly . But
when performed  in private, according to her, “it is not art,”  but a ritual 
that represents something more. Exactly what, I’m not sure, but it involves
self-mutilation along with paint ing Satanic symbols and cryptic sayings on
the wall in a mixture of menstrual blood, semen, and breast milk. In this
post she is carrying a bundle of sticks, or “faggot,” a term with further
meaning according to occult beliefs:



Now many people rationalize that emails to Tony Podesta about
Spirit Cooking events are nothing, just some kind of weird art. But
according to media images of John Podesta’ s office, he only has two
pictures hanging  on his office walls, and one of them depicts a Spirit
Cooking ritual:



This tells us that Spirit Cooking, whatever it really is, is somet hing
that is very personally significa nt to John Podesta. Odd, to say the least.
What’ s more, both Tony and John Podesta’ s homes are filled with art. While
some of it is normal, as they are both avid collectors of art works, many are
known to make many visitor s to his house quite uncomf ortable—as
described in this article ,  archived from the Washington Post’ s website.
From photographic works depic ting images of nude teenagers to paintings
by an artist know n for her paint ings of abused children in subm issive poses
and varying stages of undress, their artistic tastes are odd at best, and appear
to reflect a strong interest in artists who feature murder , abused children,
and adolescent nudity as visual themes:



Oh, and remember Dennis Hastert ,  the former House Speaker
exposed as a serial child molester? Emails show  that the Podestas are
not just longtime friends, but expressed sadness when he was put away , and
it has been confirmed that both Tony and John Podesta were with him in
Japan during a time when he was serially abusing children. Most people I
know would disavow someone after discovering they spent most of their
adult life molesting and rapin g children. For the Podestas, however , it
apparently wasn’ t a deal breaker .
Now back to Alefantis’  Instagram. This next post shows a man
holding a toddler , which wouldn’ t be so odd if it weren’ t for one detail.
Alefantis comments “#chickenlovers,” which is inexplicable given the total
lack of anything chicken-relate d in the photo. However , referr ing back to
the know n web slang used by pedophiles, “chicken” is slang  for “young
boy.”



Jokingly or not, in the next image, Alefantis and an associate appear
to sexualize an infant with a “what what, in the butt”  reference:



And then there’ s the following oddity , showing what appears to be a
trio of adolescen ts, one female and two male, kneeling in esote ric garb and
masks. Ignore the troll in the comments, who unfortunately took it upon
themselves to post accusatory messages in response to the #Pizzagate
allegations:



The next post is a close-up of a baby , with Alefantis commen ting
“#hotard,” a slang term meaning a girl, or “ho,” who is mentally disabled
and slutty . Given the fact that the image shows an infant, at best, this seems
extremely inappropriate. While some might not consider
UrbanDictionary .com to be an authoritative source, their site has been cited
successfully in multiple U.S. court cases  to define slang terms.



Numerous other posts contain inexplicable references to children
and explicit sex.
When speaking to the BBC  recently about the theories that
Comet Ping Pong’s basement is somehow implicated in child trafficking,
Alefantis told the reporter that Pizzagate researchers have been unable to
get basic facts straight, as Comet Ping Pong has no basement.
However , this directly contradicts a claim he made when
interviewed for a 2015 article by Metro Weekly ,  in which he says Comet
Ping Pong does indeed have a basement, used to store supplies. This would
be normal for a restaurant, but what is abnormal is his self-c ontradiction
about a basic feature of his own eatery:



Lastly , Alefantis displayed a curious choice for his Instagram profile
picture given the other content he had been sharing: an image of the Bust of
Antinous, from the Prado Museum in Madrid:



So just who was Antinous? He was the teenage lover of Hadria n, a
Roman emperor , thought to be between 13-18 during his time as a sexual
partner and servant to the emper or. Pederasty is known to histor ians to have
been accepted and very common in ancient Rome, and the Wikipedia page
for Antinous refers to historian and author Royston Lambert’ s claim that
sculptures of him represent one of the ancient world’ s “most elevated and
ideal monuments to pederastic love…” 
He is also assoc iated with cult worship of Osiris; the Egyptian god
of death ,  the underworld, renewal, and other concepts involving death
and rebirth. Furthermore, some historians believe Antinous died as part of a
ritual human sacrifice, though this is not known for certain.
Why did Alefantis carry enough interest in this favored boy-lover of
an ancient Roman emperor to use him as his Instagram profile picture? Is he
merely a fan of the art, and if so, what about the busts of Antinous
interested him over many other extremely aesthetically-similar sculptures
from the era?



Chapter 8: Pedophile Symbols
and “Artistic” References
Next door to Comet Ping Pong is another pizza joint called Besta
Pizza. And the Besta Pizza logo, which was quietly changed after the
research began,  is extremely similar to known symbols used in under ground
pedophilia comm unities. See the FBI’s listing of pedophile symbols below ,
from an unclassified FBI document .  Following the FBI’s symbols are
both Besta Pizza logos, includi ng the new version that appeared after the
#Pizzagate research began:



At Com et Ping Pong, researchers noted similarities with symbols on the
menu as well (although this writer found the Comet Ping Pong logo’ s
resemblance far less compelling):
However , in a distinctly creepy artistic performance at Comet Ping
Pong, an audie nce member can be seen  with a ring with a strong
resemblance to the “Little Boy Lover” symbol:



So what was the creepy artistic performance in the video? We’re not
sure what the meaning of it was, but references to pedophilia have been
uncovered in Comet Ping Pong’ s musical regulars’  acts. Sex references are
no rarity in music these days, but most would agree that pedophilia
references takes it to an entirely different level. And with names like “Sex
Stains” and “Heavy Breathing,” Comet Ping Pong clearly carries an odd
affinity for featuring artistic performers that favor dark and disturbing
themes, especially for a kid-friendly pizza and ping pong joint. In an official
music video for Sex Stains, a prominently-displayed symbol closely
resembles the pedophilia symbol for “Boy Lover:”



One song by Heavy Breathing, the lead singer of which calls herself
“Majestic Ape,” even includes lyrics referencing orphans: “My recurring
role is puppet in the broadway smash Orphans in Assholes.”
Indeed, orphans  are a common target for sex traffickers, and are a
focus of much of the work being done by the Clinton Foundation in the
third world. Does the above qualify as proof? Far from it. But as the
coincidences pile up, one must wonder if there is at least some aspect of
truth to the allegations.
The following video of a performance at Comet Ping Pong isn’t
very good, but it’s hard to find any others, as many videos have  been set to
“private” or removed after the investigation began. Many third-party
uploaders have had their own versions removed and their accounts shut
down soon after uploading.
The video  shows “Majestic Ape” doing some kind of
monologue. As part of the monologue, she says “Jared (pedophile Subway
spokesman) is known to hang out down here. He likes (inaudible),
tamales–”
After which point an audience member yells out, “And little boys!”
And another says, “And children!”
Majestic Ape replies, “I think that was his manager .”
Audience member: “Noo.”
Majestic Ape: (Laughs) “We all have preferences!” (Laughs) A more
complete versio n of the video, without the commentary , was removed from
YouTube. It depicted some of the strange art on the walls of Comet Ping
Pong, showing adults with their hands around the throat of a female child.
These murals have since been scrubbed of f Comet Ping Pong’ s walls:



We previously reported that Comet Ping Pong had a seemi ngly
suspicious “protected” area of its website with an array of password-
protected zip files, as shown below:



However , one of the researchers  has debunked the claim that this is
suspicious, as can be seen in this discussion:
The development shows that confirmation bias has not taken over
the research—participants are narrowing down aspects that do seem
genuinely suspi cious or remarkable by discovering that some of the
discoveries, after all, are not. In other words, they are fact-checking
themselves as they learn and uncover more.
Next we’ll move onto more pedo philia symbols. Just down the street
from Comet Ping Pong is a bistro and art gallery where researchers found
pedophile symb ols as well, along with boastful associations with Hillary



Clinton: 
Next door to Terasol are offices for Beyond Borders, a charity
funded by the Clinton Foundation focusing on ending child exploitation in
Haiti—the same  country where Hillary Clinton inexplicably swept in to get
accused child traf ficker Laura Silsby of f the hook.



Chapter 9: The Epstein
Connection
Now to discuss another known pedophile with major Clinton
connections: Jeffrey Epstein. According to Epstein himself, he was a co-
founder of the Clinton Foundation .  Epstein  was accused not only of
having underage sex slaves, but of being part of an extensive underage sex
slave ring, and was convicted of sex crimes involving minors (albeit with
the most severe charges droppe d, and extremely minor legal consequences
as a result). The court case revea led accusers who claimed they were  forced
to have sex  with everyone from politicians  and businessmen to royals
and academics.
Court papers  also claim Epstein’ s mansion  is outfitted with
hidden cameras—in all likelihood, these cameras are meant  to capture
people of power engaging in sex with minors for purposes of blackmail—
and Epstein’s “little black book” seized by authorities contains big-wig
names from Tony Blair and Prince Andrew to Michael Bloomber g and even
Hollywood star Dustin Hoffman. A highly secretive investor ,  the precise
source of Epstein’ s vast riches is a mystery .
Bill and Hillary Clinton have taken trips on board Epstein’ s private
plane, dubbed by the press as the “Lolita Express,” at different times—both
to Epstein’ s private island and to other locations around the world .  In a
rare rebuke to the 24/7 security provided to former presidents, Bill Clinton
had the Secret Service stay behind for each of these forays. In addition,
thanks to a whistleblower , we know that Epstein sent Bill Clinton $3.5
million  from a Swiss bank account. For what, one can only imagine.
(Note: Donald Trump has a documented relationship  with
Epstein as well, lasting up until Epstein’ s legal trouble, with one confirmed
ride on one of Epstein’ s private  jets. He is not documented to have visited
any of Epstein’ s private islands. Bill Clinton claimed to have disavowed
Epstein after the legal trouble, but the $3.5 million bank transfer occurred
after Epstein’ s conviction.)



Ghislaine Maxw ell, daughter of notorious news tycoon Robert
Maxwell, is alleged to have been Epstein’ s central “Madam,”  obtaining
underage girls for him and his cohorts to abuse. She is also alleged by one
of the teenaged victims to have taken photographs of underage girls, which
were posted around Epstein’ s property . The court case painted her as
Epstein’ s “right hand woman,”  central to Epstein’ s alleged pedophilia
sex ring. Here she is pictured at Chelsea Clinton’ s wedding:
Another frequen t flier on the “Lolita Express” is a mysterious young
socialite girl named Rachel Chandler . Here she is pictured with Bill Clinton
as a teenager:



Chandler ’s Tumblr account uses CSS to hide what other accounts
were sharing her content and vice-versa, but since this trick doesn’t work on
mobile phones, #Pizzagate resea rchers were able to find other accounts that
frequently share her content. These accounts are consistently macabre.
They’re filled with images of BDSM, injuries associated with sadistic sex
practices, prescr iption drugs, images of children in severe distress and/or
states of injury , weapons, sexual imagery , and occult symbols.
It also contains many images of children receiving dental work,
which is beyond bizarre—but could somehow connect to Podesta-
connected artist Biljana Djurdjevic, whose alarming paintings are on
display in Tony Podesta’ s mansion. Djurdjevic also painted a series called
The Dentist Society . 
A previous edition of this book  repeated fake news from the Daily
Mail  that investigato rs discovered a dental chair and dental equipment in
Epstein’ s Florid a mansion after his first arrest. The chair was actually an
esthetician’ s station for facials and other beauty procedures. This persistent
falsehood continues to be repeated by prominent commentators .  Given
the other dental connections, the Epstein dental chair was an especially
tempting and salacious tidbit for the Pizzagate narrative, leading me to
wonder if perhaps the detail  was added to coverage as intentional



disinformation, meant to discredit conspiracy theorists or even just those
who wanted Epstein put away .
For estheticians and those studying to become estheticians, the fact
that the “dental chair” was actually an esthetician’ s chair was immediately
obvious. The main possibilities are as follows: Maybe the Daily Mail was
extremely lazy and making assumptions, or they just knew calling it a
dental chair would make their story sound more dramatic. The other
possibility is that they lied on purpose, trying to make it harder for anyone
to sort out fact from fiction in the wake of Epstein’ s arrest. Either way, for
this edition of Pizzagate: The Complete Story , references to the non-existent
dental chair have been removed.
Below are a few examples (out of many dozens) of strange images
Rachel and her network of sharers have posted, with images of children
modified for privacy (Warning: disturbing, though what I provide here isn’t
even the tip of the iceber g in terms of how much of this type of content had
been shared):



Chapter 10: Someone Fights
Back
I’ve mentioned a few cases above where Comet Ping Pong-related
YouTube and Instagram accoun ts were set to private, and Reddit threads
relating to the investigation were aggressively scrubbed. In addition, people
associated with Comet Ping Pong began removing references to their
employment there in their LinkedIn profiles.
Perhaps most interestingly , however, a DDoS (Distributed denial-of-
service) attack was launched on 4Chan immediately after the Alefantis
Instagram accou nt led researchers to a guy name Arun Rao. DDoS attacks
prevent users from accessing websites by overwhelming the servers.
#Pizzagate resea rchers found he was “liking” all of the posts that featured
young children, so they looked at his Instagram as well.
As soon as 4Chan users began investigating Rao, 4Chan.or g began
displaying all the signs of a website under DDoS attack. The likelihood of
such an attack being unrelated to developments in the investiga tion is close
to zero. So who is fighting back, and what are they trying to bury? Other
than being an attorney with the Department of Justice—sometimes involved
in prosecuting child pornograph y cases—there isn’t much to be found on
him. Predictably , his Instagram has since been set to private as well. Given
the DDoS attacks’  timing with the discovery of his Instagram, he may be
worth investigating further .
Is interference with the #Pizzagate research evidence that there’ s
something to the claims? It’s worth mentioning that if the evidence was not
truly incriminating, leaving it up would only discredit the investigators by
revealing them as paranoid, tinfoil hat-wearing loons, and that scrubbing
evidence (as has happened) would only increase suspicion. However , it is
feasible that even an innocent party would scrub the supposed evidence to
minimize inevitable abuse and threats from trolls drawing their own
conclusions from the research.
But the DDoS attacks indicate bona fide attempts to shut down the
research, indicat ing there really is something  containe d there to hide. Add in



threads being deleted or archived overnight, social media accounts being
shut down or set to private, videos being deleted from YouTube, LinkedIn
pages being scrubbed or modified, and logos being changed in ways that
seem to directly correspond to progress with the research, and one can only
conclude that taken together , these all seem incredibly unlikely to be the
result of innocent parties hiding from an unfair Internet witch hunt.



Chapter 11: Reasonable
Conclusions
The Clintons and Podestas have quite the number of pedop hilia-
connected people in their close network. I have one—a now-deceased
scoutmaster from childhood who was discovered to have been raping boys.
As an adult, I am aware of no one else involved in pedophil ia or occult
practices. I assume that goes for most readers of this as well. If I doubled
the size of my network, and I suspect that the number would still be
extremely low. Somehow , the Clintons have managed an extensive network
of extremely close associates linked to or even convicted of pedophilia, sex
slavery , occult practices, or all three.
(Side note: if there is truth to any of the theories, it would be safe to
say the issue is not exclusive to the Democrats, who the research is not
targeting in particular . It just happens to have been sparked by emails
involving the Clinton camp. See Dennis Hastert and the Frank lin Scandal
for a sampling of accusations on the Republican side.) You often hear the
argument that secrets involving  this many people would be impossible to
hide. If the allegations are even 50% true, however , sustaining total secrecy
is actually quite plausible given  that the outlandish, almost cliché nature of
the allegations makes them difficult to believe even in the presence of
compelling evidence. Also, more importantly , the players involved would
have the ability to use blackmail to swiftly destroy anyone who stepped out
of line. This point is supported by reports that Jeffrey Epstein had hidden
cameras in his home meant for exactly this purpose.
But perhaps most important is this: So far I’ve only recounted a
chunk of the #Pizzagate connections and coincidences involving pedophilia
and child trafficking; you’ll find if you check out the research for yourself
that vastly more have been discovered than what has been summarized
here. Even if the coincidences are this utterly bizarre, or hard to definitively
connect, when the sheer numbe r of them defies statistical probability , we
have an obligation to at least dig a little deeper to see if clearer conclusions
can be gleaned—especially when there are children involved. Cases have



been tried on circumstantial evidence before, as long as there was enough of
it and it was deemed strong enough.
Has enough been discovered to draw a definitive, fully objec tive
conclusion? To be called “proof”? Absolutely not. But for the moment,
imagine discove ring that a co-w orker or a mutual friend had a similarly vast
web of unlikely coincidences connecting them, even vaguely , with
pedophilia or child trafficking. Would you talk to someone? Would you feel
mildly concerned for children they come in contact with, and perhaps watch
that person more carefully around them? My guess is that you would, and
even though a concrete conclusi on can’t be made, I think the same attitude
of careful suspicion and ongoing investigation is well-warranted in the case
of #Pizzagate.
If the old adage  holds true that “where there’ s smoke, there’ s fire,”
there seems to be a whole lot of smoke here. A smoke cloud so thick, in
fact, that the discovery of fire doesn’ t feel too far of f.



Part II: Pizzagate Part Deux —
The Trouble With Open-Source
Research, & The Media Go to War



Chapter 1: Pizzagate Goes Viral
When I published my initial coverage of Pizzagate in November
outlining Pizzagate’ s origins and some of its verifiable discoveries, the
investigation was just taking off. Since then, things have develo ped a great
deal—and not all for the better . Interest in the research has exploded,
causing a noticeable deterioratio n in the overall quality of posts, leads, and
comments in the forum where the bulk of the investigation is now taking
place.
Sensationalistic claims with no evidence, claims with irrelevant
“evidence,” conspiratorial assertions provided without basis, an increase in
racist and anti-Semitic posts, and other distracting, irrelevant, or hostile
nonsense have been pushing down posts by people who had been
uncovering genuinely compelling connections and leads.
This is to be expected from the massive increase in participatio n on
a platfor m that provides an open forum where anyone can contribute. There
is fear amongst many researche rs that anti-Semitic, racist, or violent posts
will be cherry-p icked by media outlets to “prove” that the research has been
the work  of hateful alt-righters,  when in fact these represent a very small
minority , and are guaranteed to happen on a platform that allows anyone to
join and post.
As a solution, pockets of serious researchers are discussing
alternative closed platforms where they can focus and work, and then post
findings on the public forums when something seemingly significant is
uncovered. I believe for the research to remain effective, this kind of move
will be critical going forward.



Chapter 2: The "Fake News"
Meme & Silencing Alternative
Viewpoints
Fears have also been aroused due to the recent gunman incid ent at
Comet Ping Pong. Researchers fear that someone will be physically
attacked, and the blame will be placed on them under the guise of the "fake
news" meme. Even a cursory examination into the discussio ns shows a
wide and emphatic rejection of violence, anti-Semitism, doxxing, and other
forms of hate and harassment.
When someone does post something advocating violence or hatred,
it is usually followed by strings of replies denouncing that person and their
views. However , it wouldn't stop media outlets from reporting on it as if it
were widespread. Nor would it stop their readers from believi ng it, as the
average news consumer typicall y accepts the headlines in front of them at
face value without researching more deeply—especially if the information
reinforces an existing belief.
As I've reported , articles "debunking" Pizzagate have universally
made false claims  about the theories, such as the lie that researchers
have concluded that Comet Ping Pong is the "headquarters" of a pedophile
ring "led by Hillary Clinton" for the Democratic party . Debunking articles
generally also focus on some of the crazier -sounding theories being floated,
while avoiding those that are more dif ficult to immediately explain away .
An exam ple of what has to be intentionally misleading coverage in
the New York Times'  latest attempted debunking shows a well-circulated
photo of Obama playing Ping Pong with a boy in the White House. The
photo had resurfaced during the Pizzagate investigation with, since it is the
Internet, a number of people making sensationalistic and/or incorrect claims
about its "conne ctions" to Pizzagate. By displaying it on a video where the
uploader had added the caption "OBAMA  AT COMET  PING PONG," the
New York Times' readers will now assume that this photo had a substantial
impact on the conclusions of the researchers:



They also cherry-pick research that the researchers themselves have
debunked ,  giving the implication that these debunked aspects form the
bulk of the evidence. Other ideas they cite are believed by only a minority
of people involved in the research.
The main overall thesis of Pizza gate is that pedophilia is extremely
widespread and endemic to the global political power structure on all sides
of the left/right spectrum, just as Hollywood has been accused  of being a
hotspot for pedophilic activities as well.
Also, as with Hollywood, researchers believe that those involved are
using their power to source children and to cover up their crimes. The over-
arching argument at this point is that the number of coincidences defies
easy explanation and that with this much smoke, there may very well be fire
as well. There are many other theories being floated and more radical ideas
being explored, but the central argument is simple. This is far from the
impression you will get from media outlets denouncing the research.
Due to recent news coverage  expanding upon the “Russian
hackers” meme in a child pornography context, along with a slew of articles
misrepresenting Pizzagate, there are two major concerns. One is that the
collective consc iousness is being set up to deny Pizzagate even in the event
of a major research breakthrough. For the other concern, enter H.R. 9393.



Chapter 3: H.R. 9393
There is a palpable fear in the air that censorship of alternative news
outlets, blogs, and even discussion forums might be underway on the
pretense that “fake news hurts real people.” This fits with the “Russian
hackers” meme that has been pushed since the Trump/Clinton election
season, and in fact times up perfectly with a section added to the 2017
Intelligence Authorization Act, or H.R. 6393,  a bill that funds
intelligences activities. 2017’ s bill delegates funding to:
“counter active measur es by Russia to exert covert influence … carried
out in coordination with, or at the behest of, political leaders or the security
services of the Russian Federation and the role of the Russian Federation
has been hidden or not acknowledged publicly .”
The section lists forms of possible ‘Russian influence’  as:
Establishment or funding of a front group
Covert broadcasting
Media manipulation
Disinformation and forgeries
Funding agents of influence
Incitement and offensive counterintelligence
Assassinations
Terrorist acts
No stand ard is provided by which intelligence agencies have to prove
that Russian influence is involved, calling into question how the law could
be abused to stifle free speech. What constitutes “media manipulation,” and
how must it be connected to Russia to be prosecutable?
Julian Assange denies Russian involvement  in recent WikiLeaks
releases, a claim corroborated, in the case of a DNC leaks by a UK-based
diplomat .  Though they could be lying, there has been little evidence 



presented for the accusation  other than claims from anonymous US
government sources  and a debunk ed Washington Post article (see
footnote 75).



Chapter 4: “Fake News Hurts
Real People”
It should be mentioned that fake news does hurt real people , but when
compared to falsehoods pushed by the largest global media outlets , 
damage caused by alternative media suddenly appears laughably minimal.
Repeating claims from anonymous government sources as “facts” is not
journalism; it’s effectively no different than being a mouthpiece for the
State. Far too often, journalists allow themselves to become parrots for
unnamed diplomats, bureaucrats, and cronies, and the result is often deadly .
See below for examples when  major American and international news
media:
-Repeated, uncritically , the lie that WMDs were in Iraq, justifying the
Iraq War—helpi ng gain public consensus for a conflict that has killed about
70,000 civilians  and a quarter  of a million people in total. This tragic
journalistic failure is reported in detail in former New York Times reporter
Michael Massing’ s book Now They T ell Us 
–Lied that Spain sunk the USS Maine ,  sparking the Spanish-
American War, just to sell newspapers
-Collectively have (at minimum ) hundreds of CIA assets and agents
working both as reporters and in management positions, according to
Watergate journalist Carl Bernstein in his report The CIA  and the Media 
–Uncritically repeated claims  from a teenager , supported by
members of Congress with no verification and who gave only her first
name, when she lied that babie s in Kuwait were torn from their hospital
incubators by Saddam’ s henchmen, generating public support for the first
Gulf War that generated thousands of deaths. The teenager ended up being
the daughter of a diplomat and her lie was concocted by a PR firm hired by
Kuwaitis to artificially drum up support for a US invasion
-Eagerly publish grisly footage and reports of ISIS beheadings while
remaining conspicuously uncritical of US ally Saudi Arabia  in
comparison, which publicly beheads someone every two or three days,



stones people to death for crimes from atheism to adultery , and punishes
rape victims
-Have been caught feeding debate questions  to Presidential
candidates before the event and giving veto power to politician s over what
to include in articles
–Lied  to protect legendary pedophile Jimmy Savile
-Based their assessment of the veracity of a highly-publicized list of
“Fake News” websites almos t entirely on the unverified claims of
PropOrNot ,  a newly -formed and anonymous group of unknown people
providing no evidence or methodology whatsoever for their conclusions.
The Washington Post is now facing a lawsuit for their article ,  published
two days after H.R.6393 was passed. After heavy criticism they issued an
Editor ’s Note claiming that they did not intend to lend credence to the
claims, despite that being the entire premise of the piece
-Have been caught faking smaller events that did not result in wars or
deaths, but display a blatant disregard for basic journalistic ethics. One
recent example is an incident in which ABC news staged a fake “crime
scene”  by tying yello w Sherif f’s Department tape between two off-
camera mic stands, providing a more dramatic backdrop for an otherwise
drab interview shot. While CNN reported on this gaffe, they have also been
caught doing extremely similar trickery . 
Photo from the ABC segment below:



Faith in traditional media outlets is at an all-time low. With repeated
incidents such as those listed above, and the kind of absurdity illustrated by
the image below , no one should be particularly surprised:



Chapter 5: A Gunman Storms
Comet Ping Pong
Researchers are greatly suspicious of Comet Ping Pong gunman Edgar
Maddison Welch, and I believe the suspicion is not entirely without merit.
Although many have brought up that he is a small-time film actor, and his
IMDB page lists a film Something Abou t Pizza where he is credited as
playing “gunman,” IMDB pages can be edited by the public, raising the
possibility that a troll could have inserted the information.
Either way, his credit has now been removed, so whether it has been
removed to hide his participatio n or because it was false to begin with, we
won’ t ever know . The IMDB page for the film, before both it and Welch’ s
IMBD pages were edited to remove references to Welch’ s involvement, is
below:
According to his homepage ,  Welch’ s father also owns a small
film production company called Forever Young Productions, was executive
director of a charity focused on child abduction and abuse, and has done



work for state and federal law enforcement that included involvement in
undercover operations. These tidbits have led to further speculation.
Because of the production company and IMDB page, some overzealous
bloggers have claimed indisput able proof that Welch is a “crisis actor”—
someone hired to participate in staged events. Of course, they are far from
being indisputable “proof” of any such thing, but are still very much worth
noting.
Much more compelling, howeve r, is the fact that the day before the
gunman incident, a researcher monitoring Washington, DC traffic cameras
on this website  posted that they had noticed something odd. A
northwest-facing camera pointed toward Comet Ping Pong had been rotated
to point in a new direction. Though the front of the pizza parlo r is just out
of its direct view in the original position, it shows the corner of Connecticut
and Nebraska Avenues.
The day after the camera was moved to face away from Comet Ping
Pong, the gunman incident occurred. This coincidence seems possible, but
remarkably , the day after the gunman incident, the camera had been rotated
back to its original position. Here is the original angle, with the front of
Comet Ping Pong located of f-camera to the immediate left:



And here is what it displayed when it was rotated what appears to be
approximately 90 degrees, the day before the gunman incident, only to be
returned back to its original position again the day after:
I don’t know how often the direction of traffic cameras is changed, or
for what reasons, but it seems odd that this particular camera would be
rotated the day before the incident and then returned to its origi nal position
the day after. At the very least it strikes me as rather wasteful of municipal
resources, as it isn’t clear what purpose this would serve, especially given
that about 50% of the camera’ s view was blocked when it was rotated. It is
possible the camera is adjusted  according to which areas have the highest
traffic at differen t times of day, but regardless of the time of day that I visit
the site persona lly, the camera appears to be in the same north west-facing
position.



Chapter 6: The Timestamp
Anomalies
Articles about the gunman incide nt that began appearing online were
time-stamped showing publication befor e the incid ent actually occurred.
Could articles have already been readied, and a publishing mistake caused
them to go live prematurely? Or can this be caused by some type of
timestamp glitch?
When one integrates the fact that the US government has considered
shocking, bona-fide false flag schemes such as the now-declassified
Operation North woods  as part of its regular playbook, operations to
discredit Pizzagate—including those where real injuries or deaths occur—
suddenly become entirely plausible. Researchers have repeatedly posted
warnings that a more serious incident committed by an alleged proponent of
Pizzagate could  be the next big move to effectively shut down the
investigation, and perhaps even justify the censorship of alternative
discussion in general.



Chapter 7: The Mysterious Case
of the Disappearing Norway
Incident
On November 20th, when aware ness of Pizzagate was growing but was
still nowhere near its current level, news agency AP published an article
about arrests made in connection with a pedophile ring in Norway . The ring
included politicians, lawyers, and police, and included the rape of infants
and people of fering their own children for sexual purposes.
The story was republished in outlets including The New York
Times, ABC, and The Washin gton Post. These newspapers, along with
countless others , subscribe to the AP newswire, allowing them to re-post
AP’s content. Several weeks later, after interest in Pizzagate had picked up
enormously , researchers discovered when attempting to reference the
articles that, in addition to others such as the Los Angeles Times, all three
of these major outlets had removed them from their websites:



From my stint working for a newspaper , I am aware of two primary
reasons for an article to be removed. One is because of factual errors, in
which case the standard practice is to just issue a correction notice and fix



the factual errors. It is very rare for an article to be so riddled with
falsehoods that it is retracted entirely , and these cases are often highly
publicized, such as in the case of the Rolling Stone rape article  and the
Stephen Glass scandal  at The New Republic.
Another possible reason would be because it was deemed to not be
newsworthy , but this is very rare. One can fairly safely assume neither of
these apply to the AP article about the Norwegian pedophilia ring, which is
gone from the AP’s website but can still be found elsewhere .  The
question, then, is why did editors see it fit to scrub the AP article?
Articles from newswire services can come with certain licensing
limitations, so it’s very conceiv able that an article would disap pear from a
third-party outlet once the term of the license had expired. However , since
other news outlets are still carrying the identical AP story , this explanation
seems unlikely as well.
Perhaps these news outlets thought it could appear damaging to their
credibility to run stories claiming Pizzagate is nothing but an insane
conspiracy theory , all alongsid e an article outlining exactly the kind of
activities that the Pizzagate research has attempted to expose.



Chapter 8: Troll Wars
Researchers have spotted a suspic ious trend where the same comments
denouncing Pizzagate appear , verbatim, in multiple places. I have noticed
this personally when a commenter left an explanation for one of the Podesta
emails on one of my Pizzagate articles that I later saw repeated , word-for -
word, on two other websites. The following screen-grab shows another such
example:



For the record, anyone who has been following the research directly
from the beginning knows that Pizzagate is not a “troll job” or “hoax”
conceived by tricksters on 4Cha n or elsewhere. Whether or not you believe
that Pizzagate is true, it originated from a genuine and accidental discovery .



Here’ s another example from Twitter. Keep in mind that these aren’ t
retweets, they’re multiple accounts posting the exact same cut-and-pasted
message. One of the accounts posted the same Tweet twice on two different
days:



Chapter 9: What Comes Next
This summary of the corporate media’ s War on Pizzagate is not
comprehensive, but outlines the main talking points. Stay tuned, as even
with the deteriorating situation on the research platform, there  have been
more interesting connections uncovered. I will outline these in Part III.



Part III: Beyond Logos & Strange
Art — Despite Fake News Ridicule,
Pizzagate Goes Deeper



Chapter 1: It’s Not about Pedo
Logos
The fundamental thesis of Pizzag ate is that pedophilia, sex trafficking,
and other crimes against childr en are endemic to the power structure in
Washington and internationally , both on the left and the right sides of the
political spectrum. Given that basic theory , it’s getting harder and harder to
relegate Pizzagate to being nothing more but confirmation bias and
clustering illusio n gone awry . With each discovery , there is a new rebuke to
the misconception that Pizzagate is based primarily on thematically-
disturbing artwork and logos that allegedly resemble pedophile symbols.
As I noted in Pizzagate Part Deux, the body of independent research
collectively known as “Pizzagate” is facing ongoing challenges. From
widespread ridicule as “fake news,” a gunman incident at Comet Ping Pong,
and a dilution of quality resear ch due to the fact that anyone with a web
connection can contribute, it has become harder than ever for strong
research to find a foothold through all the noise.
But remarkably , the more serious and discerning contributors have
still managed to make strange findings.



Chapter 2: “My Favorite Pedo”
Now-deleted Insta gram account wekinonmahnightcheese belonged to
Jeff Smith, a contractor who works with Comet Ping Pong owner James
Alefantis. Smith rose to notoriety amongst Pizzagate researchers after it was
discovered that he commented “#killroom” on an Alefantis Instagram post
of a walk-in freezer .
An Instagram friend of Smith’ s also commented “#killroom” on an
image from the wekinonmahnig htcheese account, on an image of a room in
his art studio  in a PA retail center called The Pajama Factory . No one is
quite sure what the killroom hashtag means, but as you might imagine,
some of the theories are macabre:
Another of Smith’ s Instagram connections is his brother Blair , who had
an image on his now-deleted Instagram page where he referred to a friend
as “My favorite pedo”:



However , as we’ll demonstrate below , Pizzagate is based on far more
than just unsavory Instagram posts and allegedly strange logos. While these
have certainly piqued researche rs’ interest, the strangest things that have
been uncovered continue to go quite a bit deeper .
The first one we’ll get into is in regard to a series of real estate
transactions involving a house sold by James Alefantis.



Chapter 3: Real Estate Hot
Potato
In 2007 , while Comet Ping Pong owner James Alefantis was
romantically involved with Correct the Record head David Brock, they
purchased a Washington, D.C. home.  They sold it in 2013 for $2.25
million .  Real estate records connect James Alefantis to the purchase of
over a dozen properties (an extensive roster of properties for anyone, much
less the owner of a hipster -ish pizza and ping pong joint).
A real estate database shows a convoluted sales  history  in the
years leading up to when Brock  and Alefantis bought and sold the home,
with the owners hip of the prope rty seemingly being passed around within a
small group of people and organizations, including a trust called L’Enfant,
for over a decade. (Also worth noting, and added by a commenter , is that a
company named Priap sold the house as well—its name an apparent
reference to Priapus ,  a lustful Greek god of sex and male genitalia,
known for raping the Goddess Hestia and often depicted with a cartoonishly
enormous erect phallus).
Some parties even re-purchased the house multiple times:



The last purchase on record was the Alefantis sale in 2012 to a Luz
and Scott Driscoll. I mention this only because one Pizzagate researcher
claimed that Scott Driscoll was mysteriously deceased when he somehow
allegedly purchased the home. If there is a mystery here, that detail is not
part of it: I have found no evidence directly linking the deceased Scott
Driscoll to the property , but was able to find another listing  linking a
living Scott Driscoll to a Luz Lopez, indicating this to be the Scott Driscoll
in the sales records.



Several of these sales are confi rmed on other real estate webs ites,
such as Zillow .  One of the former listing agents is Cynthia Howar , a
former employe e of the Clinton  administration who went on to co-found a
lobbying firm called Potomac Strateg ies International.  Why did a rising
lobbyist abandon the D.C. machine for the bustle of real estate sales?
Whatever the reason, it’s difficult to make sense of the sales history.
Why has the house been sold so many times in the past ten or so years? It
has raise d eyebr ows among some that the house is potentially being bought
and sold as a way to launde r money ,  as the selling history appears to fit
an overall pattern  that points toward this as a possibility . The political
connections of the listing agent when Alefantis purchased the home only
add further cause for question.
The fact that we live in a political landscape where the CIA hires
real estate agents  causes one to have to regard Washington, D.C. as a kind
of altern ate reality where all kinds of questions that seem absurd elsewhere
suddenly become reasonable to ask.



Chapter 4: James Alefantis,
Laura Silsby, & the CIA
Remember that blackmail suit where Alefantis and boyfriend David
Brock paid someone $850,000  in hush money? Their lawyer was Max
Maccoby , then-board member and director for Friends of the Orphans, the
same organization Laura Silsby  was representing in Haiti where she was
arrested for attempting to traffic 33 children  out of the country with
sleazy lawyer Jorge Puello, wanted in at least four countries for child sex
trafficking  and other charges. With over 700 orphanages in Haiti, it
seems odd that Alefantis’  attorne y would be the head of the same orphanage
connecting accused child traffickers Laura Silsby and Jorge Puello with
Hillary Clinton.
Laura Silsby
Enlisting Maccoby as their lawyer for the blackmail case wasn’ t
some random coincidence, as Alefantis had been friends with the Maccobys
for years. This is indicated by a 2008 fiasco during which Alefantis was
trying to convince his local Neighborhood Commission in D.C. to allow



Comet Ping Pong to stay open after-hours, particularly for live music.
Commission member Frank Winstead was known for extreme opposition to
the idea, with the Washington Post and other papers reporting on his
bizarre declarati on that it would  turn a “quiet stretch of Connecticut Avenue
in Forest Hills into a haven for rape and murder .” 
Support for the measure was equally vehement, as can be heard in a
hectic recording of the Commission meeting .  At abou t 31:40,  someone
identifying themselves as Max Maccoby can be heard declaring, “I will
personally seek to remove the individuals who attempt to stop this.” From
the address he gives, which matches the address listed on the Maccoby
Group  website, we can conclude definitively that this is the same Max
Maccoby who ran Friends of the Orphans, and the attorney Alefantis and
Brock retained for their blackmail case.
If that weren’ t odd enough, Friends of the Orphans, operating under
the bann er of orphan and abandoned child charity NPH  (Nuestros
Pequeños Hermanos) includes a “secret NPH task force for special
operations.”  Formed  by Mary Sue and Vern Conaway and their son
Thomas, these “agents” underto ok “special operations with a wide range of
activity .” Meanwhile, a leak of diplomatic and intelligence cables  lists
a Mary Sue Conaway as someone alleged by foreign authorit ies to be an
active CIA  operative.
What’ s more, she was working as Consular General at the embassy
in Santo Domingo ,  Dominican Republic, at the same time Laura Silsby
was attempting to bring Haitian children to an unregistered orphanage there.
Conaway’ s job would have included managing visa issuance for anyone
attempting entry into the country—such as, for example, visas for the 33
Haitian children taken by Silsby .
In summation:  accused child trafficker Laura Silsby and
organization Friends of the Orphans are both connected with accused CIA
agent Mary Sue Conaway , and James Alefantis himself. Given the network
being uncovered, his designati on as one of Washington D.C.’ s 50 most
influential peop le begins making more and more sense even as new
questions emer ge.



Chapter 5: Billionaire Child
Trafficker Jeffrey Epstein Returns
— Dyncorp’s Sex Trafficking &
Epstein’s Aircraft
Along with other numbers, the tail code on an aircraft is used to
identify it,  much like a license plate on a car. Jeffrey Epstein, convicted
billionaire pedophile, owns a variety of aircraft, and one of them—a Bell
Long Ranger 206L3 helicopter  -- shared its tail number with a OV-10D
Bronco registered to the U.S. State Department .  This Bronco was
subcontracted to Dyncorp for "counter -insur gency" and "counter -narcotics"
operations. For those who don't know , Dyncorp is a private military
contractor often  hired by the U.S. for everything from renditions and
weapon transfers to rescues after natural disasters.
It also so happen s that Dyncorp employ ees were accused of owning
and trafficking child sex slaves in Bosnia in the late 1990s ;  a scand al
big enough that a Hollywood film called The Whistleblower was released,
based on the story . Epstein, known from his court cases to have had a
predilection for teenage sex slaves trafficked from Eastern Europe , 
shared this tail number on his helicopter during the same period when both
he and Dyncorp  employees were trafficking pre-teen and teen girls 
from the Balkan region.



Indeed, Epstein’ s best-known sex slave and former “personal assistant”
was someone named Nadia Marcinkova; a Yugoslavian girl purchased from
her parents when she was 14,  at the same time both he and Dyncorp
stand accused of actively trafficking girls in the region. Is there a link
between Epstein and Dyncorp that allowed him to take advant age of their
operations to obtain underage girls trafficked by, or for, himse lf and other
VIPs?
In another row, Dyncorp emplo yees paid teenage boys to perform
strip shows in Afghanistan. Authorities later tried to “quash” the accusations
 and ensure the story was contained. Described as an “error in
judgment”  by Hilla ry Clinton lawyer Cheryl Mills, one must wonder if
there is something to this disturbing pattern at Dyncorp and what, if
anything, Epstein has to do with all of it.



Chapter 6: Terry Bean —
Democratic Bundler with Multiple
Sex Crime Allegations
I’ll start this paragraph with a statement that I believe that what
happens between consenting adults should be their own business—nothing
here is meant an indictment of any aspect of the gay communit y. I say that
because the subject of this section, Terry Bean, co-founded one of the
country’ s largest gay advocacy or ganizations: the Human Rights Campaign.
Bean was also one of America’ s top gay porn producers ,  which
is all well and good—again, consenting adults—but faced allegations that
he had sex with a minor , and hid a camera in his bedroom  smoke
detector to surreptitiously recor d sex with over a dozen individuals. The
minor was a 15-year old boy  he and his boyfriend solicited on gay
hookup app Grindr  and had sex with at a hotel. Aside being a gay rights
activist and porn producer , Bean was a major bundler , or “super fundraiser ,”
for Obama—a position also held by Tony Podesta.



A bundler is someone who solicits, collects, and consolidates
donations for political candidat es. They’re a critical tool for candidates to
finance their campaigns, and according to NPR, “rank high in the power
structure of American politics. ”  In another source, Bean himself is
referred to as “indispensable to players at the highest level of politics.” 
The Podestas work as bundlers as well. Below , Bean can be seen posing
with Barack and Michelle Obama, and then with Obama and others aboard
Air Force One:



Following the hidden camera allegations, there were reports of
blackmail and hush money being thrown around to keep Bean’ s “alleged
illicit sexual activities” quiet .  Interestingly , when it came time to go to
court, Bean’ s alleged teenage victim “disappeared,”  his attorney later
issuing a statem ent that he had chosen not to testify . Prosecutors  lobbied for
the right  to refile charges if the boy ever changed his mind, but the case was
eventually dismissed for good after Bean paid out a $225,000 settlement .




Chapter 7: All Under One Roof
— The Abedin Family, a Terrorist
Fundraiser, &… a Pizza Joint
The Institute of Muslim Minority Affairs  publishes a journal at
which Saleha Mahmood and Hassan Abedin are the managing editors.
These are the mother and brother , respectively , of longtime Clinton
confidant Huma Abedin, who grew up in Saudi Arabia .  This seems
normal enough, until you discover that the journal of the IMMA  shares the
exact same address with a Saudi NGO called the Muslim World League ,
 an organization credited with promoting Saudi Arabia’ s brand of
extremist Wahabbi Islam . 
Huma Abedin



The former director of the MWL  is Abdullah Omar Naseef ,  a
figure in Saudi American politics accused by the U.S. State Department of
funding terrorism through  organiz ations like his Rabita Trust. Rabita is
an alleged charity front for funneling money to Islamic extremist groups
including Hamas, al-Qaeda, and the Muslim Brotherhood.
Both the journal for the IMMA, managed by the Abedins, and the
MWL, can be found at 46 Goodge Street, London, W1T  4LU, United
Kingdom. Not even a different  suite, floor , or office number is listed for
either; the addre sses listed are identical. But as if that weren’ t odd enough,
the third organization sharing that address is a pizza joint called Icco Italian
Pizzeria . 
I’m sure there is a potentially logical explanation for this address
being shared by these three entities. After all, Icco is clearly a real,
functioning pizza restaurant. But in addition to all of this, of course,
Abedin’ s ex-husband Anthony Weiner is facing child pornography charges,
 adding even more fuel to Pizzag ate researchers’  fire. So the question is,
at what point do the coincidences and connections with people involved
with pedophilia and child trafficking become significant enough  to warrant
closer scrutiny as a systemic issue?



Maybe we shouldn’ t be surprised by a Saudi connection—after all,
Tony Podesta, brother of Clinton insider John Podesta, is listed as an
official foreign agent for the Saudi government ,  and John Pode sta
obtained thousands in Saudi cash in support of the 2016 Clinton campaign.
So what do these connections mean as they relate to the U.S.
government’ s alliance with Saudi Arabia; one of the world’ s most
repressive religious dictatorships ,  a know n hub for human trafficking
 and a major funder and exporter of Islamic terrorism?  And as one
of the world’ s largest Clinton Founda tion donors  along with other
Middle Eastern dictatorships, what exactly did the Saudi regim e expect in
return for their generosity to the Clinton Foundation?
Whether or not U.S. and Clinton have ties with Saudi Arabia that
relate directly to human trafficking remains to be seen. But even if they
don’t, there is still more than enough reason to be uncomfortable with the
relationship.



Chapter 8: Further Conclusions
I have a final note on Pizzagate, at least until I post further research.
Early on, there was much talk that figureheads in the Pizzagate and
“alternative news” community would be sued for slander , libel, and/or
defamation by James Alefantis, John Podesta, and possibly others for their
role in spreadi ng the “fake news” hoax that Pizzagate is accused of
representing. Former Huffington Post columnist David Seaman comes to
mind as a potentially easy target for such lawsuits. However , I predicted in
November 2016  that there would be no lawsuits whatsoever arising from
the Pizzagate allegations.
Podesta hasn’ t made any statement at all on the content of the
WikiLeaks email releases or any other aspect of Pizzagate. And Alefantis,
when asked, has said correctly that a lawsuit would probably be arduous ,
 and unlikely to solve his problem  now that the conspiracy theory
has taken on a life of its own.
I propose an entirely different reason for the lack of legal actio n: I
believe there is at least some truth to the allegations, and that those involved
have enough skeletons in the closet to be totally unwilling to face the
depositions, summonses, and other scrutiny that a legal action would bring.
That’ s why I believed from early on that no lawsuit would ever be filed
against anyone  for conducting , promoting, or spreading Pizzagate-related
research. We’ll see if my prediction stands the test of time.



Part IV: Fake News Warfare —
Was Pizzagate Debunked?



Chapter 1: Deconstructing the
Debunking
In the wake of the scandal known as Pizzagate, several major
publications have released articles debunking the phenomenon, including
The New York Times and Snopes.
The New York Times article’ s headline originally included the
phrase “Fact Check,” a detail which has now been altered in their online
editions. This may be because editors realized that someone might notice
the article didn’ t actually bother to check any of the claims being made.
Their headline now reads witho ut the “Fact Check” preface, simply saying
“Fake News Onslaught Targets Pizzeria as Nest of Child Trafficking. ” 
The implication , of course, is that any online coverage or investigation
of the claims involved automatic ally qualifies as “fake news,” a meme that I
believe has been weaponized in order to associate reporting that counters
mainstream narratives with faux-reporting and tinfoil hattery , creating
cognitive disson ance in readers who are exposed to ideas that run against
the established orthodoxy .
By looping in news that is actually fake with news that merely runs
outside the mainstream, a “guilt by association” response forms in news
consumer ’s minds when faced with articles on certain topics,  effectively
banishing them from qualifying for further examination withou t the burden
of having to present logical counter -arguments or genuine rebuttals.
So if it doesn’ t check facts, what is the content of the New York
Times piece? It primarily discusses the (indeed very unfortunate) threats
and abuse that have been lobbed at James Alefantis, owner of Comet Ping
Pong, since Pizzagate took off. It references claims that the research never
made (such as that Hillary Clint on is personally “kidnapping, molesting and
trafficking children in the restaurant’ s back rooms”), without actually
addressing any of the actual research.



Chapter 2: Mark Thompson,
Protector of Savile
Shockingly , a Telegraph article  reports that during the Jimmy
Savile trials, then-head of the BBC Mark Thompson allegedly lied to help
cover up the crimes of the legendary pedophile. Mark Thompson is now the
CEO of none other than the New York Times Company .
Legendary rocker Johnny Rotten, AKA  John Lydon, even claims he
was banned from the BBC after unaired comments from a 1978 interview
where he alluded to Savile’ s crimes, commenting that “We’re not allowed to
talk about it.” 
Whether or not Thompson lied to protect Savile  when the BBC
was embroiled in a pedophilia scandal involving one of their own, reports
show , at the very least, that the BBC turned a blind eye.  Are Thompson
and his organiza tion, The New York Times Company , similarly protecting
dangerous pedo philes in the American political and media scene? Given
those questions and the New York Times’  lazy coverage of Pizzagate, it
calls into serious question the New York Times’  credibility in covering such
scandals.
A recently published New York Times Op-Ed declares pedophilia a
“disorder”  rather than a “crime.” It’s true that pedophiles who resist
their urges are not guilty of criminal activity . Fantasies are never crimes,
and I wouldn’ t want to live in country where they were. Pedophilia might
also legitimately be classified as a psychological disorder .
However , the implied apologism  for pedophilic preferences would
rightly strike any non-pedophile as at least a bit shocking, and just as a
clinical psychop ath wouldn’ t be forgiven for committing fraud or assault
merely as a result of their diagnosis, any pedophile that victimizes other
individuals should be held similarly accountable.
A visual summary is below:



Chapter 3: A Circular Fact-
Check
A Washington Post piece,  though less egregiously lazy than the
New York Times one, carries similar endemic issues, with claims stating
that Comet Ping Pong “was the secret headquarters of a child sex-
trafficking ring run by Hillary Clinton and members of her inner circle.”
This is not a claim that the researchers have made.
We’re left with several “fact check” type articles with basic factual
issues, that do very little fact checking,  all referencing each other as
evidence that the claims have been debunked.
The BBC published an article decrying Pizzagate as “fake news” as
well. In the piece, when referencing theories about a basemen t in Comet
Ping Pong, Alefantis claims the restaurant has no basement.
However , it seems that Alefantis  himself is guilty of confusing basic
facts about his own restaurant : in a 2015 interv iew with Metro Weekly 
about celebrity chef Guy Fieri’ s visit to Comet Ping Pong, Alefantis
specifically references a basement in the restaurant that he now claims, in
the wake of Pizzagate, does not exist:



(Note: It has since been discovered that the basement in question is at
Alefantis’  other restaurant, Buck’ s Fishing & Camping.) The Snopes 
piece that attempts to debunk Pizzagate uses the New York Times article
and other similarly-written pieces, such as this one  from the
Washington City Paper , as sources. The language in the Washington City
Paper suggests it was written by someone with a similarly pre-determined
conclusion but, to its credit, it does link to some of the actual research so
that its readers can dig deeper . However , with the definitive declaration that
Pizzagate has been “debunked,”  most news consumers will simply take the
article at face value.



Chapter 4: Who is Kim
LaCapria?
The author of the Snopes piece is someone named Kim LaCapria. Her
bio lists her as a “Content manager and longtime Snopes.co m message
board participant.” A content manager is someone who works either
creating, curating, and/or directing the development of articles, listicles,
media galleries, or other content for websites.
One might wonder how, exactly , this background qualifies her to
definitively rule the Pizzagate claims as “False” with a capital F—a claim
that not even Aceloewgold.com‘ s own summary makes. At this stage, as an
opinion blog populated with opinion articles, this writer ’s claim is merely
that more research and digging seem genuinely warranted. Such  a definitive
answer at this point does not seem particularly journalistic, and suggests a
rush to conclusi ons to prove it false—which is exactly what Snopes et. al
are accusing the researchers of doing: seeking information to confirm their
own pre-existing conclusion.
A cursory examination reveals that LaCapria’ s piece contains basic
factual errors. She writes abou t images from James Alefantis’  personal
Instagram page, confirmed by Alefantis himself to be from a genuine
account, as coming only from third parties. She writes: “…the photographs
that the Instagram account purportedly hosted were instead, apparently ,
taken from the pages of various people who “liked” the restaurant’ s page on
Facebook.” This conclusion was drawn, incorrectly , from a statement
released by the District of Columbia Metropolitan Police Department.
The D.C. police statement specifies that the Instagram posts came
from Comet Ping Pong’ s social media pages and other pages in their social
media networks, without specifically excluding Alefantis’  personal
Instagram page.
Indeed, if she had done 2-4 minutes’  worth of basic research rather
than contriving her own desired conclusion based on a vaguely-worded
D.C. police statement, she might have found interviews in major news
outlets  where Alefantis confirms that researchers had indeed discovered



pictures from his personal Instagram page. Multiple other sources  show
that Alefantis does not dispute that the Instagram profile is his own—
merely that the pictures it contains are innocent, and are being taken out of
context. It seems that LaCapria reviewed only the D.C. police statement and
several articles declaring Pizzagate debunked, without bothering to look at
any of the research itself. This lack of due diligence should give pause to
anyone considering LaCapria’ s overall depth of research, reporting, and
qualifications.



Chapter 5: Decide for Yourself
Ask yours elf: are claims and research actually being checked, or are
articles simply leading readers toward a pre-set conclusion with Straw Man
fallacies, regur gitation of memes like “fake news” to create an instant
negative association, active avoidance of concrete rebuttals, emotionalized
assumptions, and other manipulative techniques?
Don’ t let the declaration of something as “fake news” replace your
own ability to think and resea rch independently , or you’ll ironically fall
victim to the same tricks that actual fake news achieves:  a rush to
conclusions during which you have surrendered your own critical thinking
to some one else. Look at the actual claims, spend some actual time
researching, and then when you make your decision—whatever it may be,
right or wrong—it will at least be an informed one.
Regardless of who tries to debunk the claims, it appears that the
researchers have no plans of stopping their work, and that debunking-type
articles only serve to increase interes t in the topic  of Pizzagate.
Whether or not anything legally actionable is ever discovered, only time
will tell.



Part V: #Elsagate — YouTube
Weaponized Against Children



Chapter 1: Elsagate — The
Pizzagate Sequel
Self-styled online investigators  have discovered a number of
bizarre, seemin gly-related YouTube channels in which cheaply-made
cartoons and live-action sketches bombard viewers with disturbing and
depraved theme s, calling into question the intentions of those responsible
for the content. The live-action content features real children.
Co-opting popu lar characters and viral keywords like Minnie
Mouse, Elsa from Frozen, and “superhero IRL,” the videos feature
repeating themes and imagery including cheating and infidelity , pregnancy
and abortion, simulated sex, injections, dungeon torture, injections, and
even defecation and scat eating in their content. Collectively the channels
have many millions of views, presumably from children, but adults who
have discovered the channels have found their content incoherent as well as
highly disturbing. Due to the prevalence of the Elsa character in the content,
the phenomenon has become known as #Elsagate.



Occasional rediscovery of the videos  has boosted interest in the
phenomenon known as Pizzagate—especially given content like the below
video, which depicts Minnie Mouse becoming pregnant due to eating a
pizza. In the screenshot, a doctor is explaining to Minnie Mouse how the
pizza was responsible for her impregnation:



I enlarged the playlist on the right side to show greater detail. Notice
similar videos with repeating themes of impregnation, infidelity , suicide,
and hyper-sexualization (in the fourth and fifth videos down the list, two
Mickeys are shown with hearts in their eyes as they ogle Minn ie after her
dress has torn completely open) . Also notice the many millions of views on
the videos:



Chapter 2: The Dental
Connection
Dentistry and tooth extractions are some other odd fixations of many
of the YouTube channels involved:



As previously mentioned, Pizzagate-connected artist Biljana Djurdjevic
has an entire series of artwork based around the theme of dentistry , and
Tumblr account s associated with people close to key players in Pizzagate
repeatedly featu red pictures of children with bloody mouths and dental
work:



Below is a screengrab of a video from another of the disturbing
YouTube channels, this time featuring a child actor . The channel produces
many videos involving feces, and on the right side you see a preview for
another one of their videos depicting the child actor in the partially-opened
trunk of a car:



Chapter 3: Trigger Words &
Trigger Colors
So are these #ElsaGate videos just a manipulative way for content
creators to make money from ad revenue, or is there truly a sinister intent
behind them? A discussion on 4Chan  led users to discover a code
hidden in the comments section s of some of the videos that led them to a
Twitter account.
That Twitter account had direct links to a series of anxiety-indu cing
unlisted  YouTube video s—“unlisted” means that no search will turn them
up, they can only be found if you know the exact URL. The videos feature a
voice instructing what the viewer ’s “trigger” is, and associates each trigger
with different colors, often invoking the same characters and items featured
in the disturbing YouTube channels—Mickey Mouse, Power Rangers, a
birthday cake, et cetera.
As an example, one of the trigg er videos might display a disturbing
background while a voice says something like “Blue, your trigger is: Elsa.
Red, your trigger is: Spider -Man.” The colors mentioned in the trigger
videos then tend to repeat conspicuously throughout the content containing
those characters:



Between the disturbing “for kids” YouTube channels, the coded
comments that led to the Twitter account, and the trigger videos hidden in
code on that Twitter that feature corresponding colors, characters, and
objects, all have led to online speculation we are witnessing some kind of
new iteration of the CIA’s MKUltra mind control program . 
View one of the very strange unlisted YouTube videos in questi on here.
 Embedd ing was disabled, so I had to use an external link. Be warned,
the videos are genuinely anxiety-inducing. Here  is another .
Other users’  experiments runni ng the “MKUltra” videos through
decoding softwa re uncovered even more coded references to the disturbing
YouTube Channels:



Chapter 4: Disturbing Behavior
Even if there’ s nothing here as sinister as a government plot to control
children’ s minds , I think most parents would agree that they wouldn’ t want
their children anywhere near this content. In fact, parents who discovered
the content after seeing their children re-enact behaviors they had seen in
the videos have allegedly report ed some of the channels to YouTube. They
were not able to get any of the videos removed by YouTube administrators.
Below is a screen grab from a video where sex is simulated betw een
Spider Man and Elsa:
And one showing Spiderman fondling Elsa’ s breasts as she grimaces
and cries, with children in the background:



This one is particularly disturbing, showing content involving the
consumption of feces by children, hopefully simulated:
These are just a few #ElsaGat e examples. There are hundreds or
thousands of videos  that feature these themes and imagery over and



over again. In the worst cases, videos show children in what appear to be
states of genuine distress:



Chapter 5: The Unanswered
Questions of Elsagate
Whether or not you discount the possibility that #Elsagate is a bona
fide conspiracy , it’s clear that a great many questions need to be answered
—by these content creators, by YouTube, and by Disney—about these
videos. Disney , for exampl e, typically pursues copyri ght claims
aggressively . But the mega-corporation doesn’ t seem to mind their
characters being used in these videos.
Why not? Why hasn’ t YouTube done more to ban the uploaders
creating these videos? Who are the adults involved in producing and
uploading them ? Who is fundi ng it, and who is making money from it?
Something very wrong is happe ning here on many different levels, and you
don’t have to be a conspiracy theorist to be deeply concerned.
The BBC reported on the videos  last March, opening with a
description of video about a sadistic tooth-pulling dentist. The video was
discovered by a concerned parent who was horrified to find their three-year
old watching it, enthralled.
But aside from the BBC article, there’ s very little  news
coverage of this bizarre web of YouTube content. And perhaps because of
that, very little is being done outside of places like Reddit and 4Chan to
figure out who is behind it, why, and what can be done about it. (Note for
the second edition—these channels have gotten more attention since initial
publication, largely due to the work of concerned parents and online
conspiracy theorists).



Afterword
Since publishing this series, many of the Elsagate channels have  been
removed from YouTube. However , many remain, and it’s safe to assume the
people behind them have not simply gone away . By and large, however , the
Pizzagate investigation itself has faded. Devoted sleuths continue digging,
finding occasional leads and reporting on pedophile scandals, but nothing
like the flood of information that was revealed in the wake of the initial
allegations.
Still, however , investigators soldier onward. Discovering more  sketchy
charities, questio nable YouTube videos, suspicious IGOs, and other leads, a
relatively small group has continued to seek the truth behind VIP and ritual
pedophilia. Look ing into organizations like Tavistock, NXIVM,  and even a
chain of pizza joints called Sizzle Pie, the investigation contin ues—albeit
with little fanfare.
With the second arrest of mysteriously-wealthy child trafficker
Jeffrey Epstein, that may be changing. With new revelations from Epstein's
latest takedown—many of them pointing toward intelligence connections—
the underlying theory of Pizzag ate is now more plausible than ever, and is
getting renewed attention. My theory , reported in my original Pizzagate
coverage and repeated in this book, was that Epstein is some kind of
blackmail operative. This possi bility is now being reported in mainstream
news outlets.
Meanwhile, the international pedocracy wields its influence in the
world’ s highest circles of powe r. The only real question is one of scope,
degree, and purpose.
The children have to be coming from somewhere. But because the
problem is so horrifying, and acknowledging any degree of involvement
among respected public figures is too difficult, many prefer to tell
themselves the problem is less than systemic, or simply doesn’ t exist.
Meanwhile, the child victims remain faceless and nameless. And like
Pizzagate itself, they are systematically forgotten in history’ s dustbins.
Unless, that is, we fight to remember them, and vow to hold their abusers
accountable.



But first, we must allow oursel ves to entertain the possibility of a
world where horrors worse than our most sickening nightmares are a
prominent feature—particularly among people hailed publicly  as heroes,
caretakers, statesmen, saints, and philanthropists. For most people,
however , that pill is simply too bitter to ever swallow .



Endnotes
 WikiLeaks, Podesta Email Thread Re: Did you leave a handker chief. 9/4/2004:
https://wikileaks.or g/podesta-emails/emailid/23561
 WikiLeaks, PodestaEmail Thread Cheese,  12/24/2015: https://wikileaks.or g/podesta-
emails/emailid/50332
 WikiLeaks, The Global Intelligence Files, STRA TFOR Email thread RE: headcount for
pizza . 8/2/2007: https://wikileaks.or g/gifiles/docs/18/18817_re-headcount-for -pizza-.html
 Quora.c om, What is the deep/dark web and how do you access it?:
https://www .quora.com/What-is-the-deep-dark-web-and-how-do-you-access-it
 Wikipedia.or g, Handker chief Code : https://en.wikipedia.or g/wiki/Handkerchief_code
 Washington City Paper, The Consequences of 'Pizza Gate' are Real at Comet Ping Pong.
Laura Hayes, 11/15/2016.
 Showbiz 411, Shock Doc About Sexual Molestation in Hollywood Tries the Bryan Singer
Case, Implicates Others– Much Worse Than Previously Described. Roger Friedman, 11/15/2014.
 (Archived) Associated Press, Norwegian Police Arrest 20 Men in Pedophile Network Probe.
The Associated Press, 11/20/2016, Archived 11/20/2016: https://archive.is/uq4oF#selection-1907.0-
1907.57
 Buzz feed News, Found:  The Elusive Man At The Heart Of The Hollywood Sex Abuse
Scandal.  Ellie Hall, Nicolás Medina, & David Noriega, 6/26/2014.
 The Holly wood Repo rter, Bryan Singer Sex Abuse Case: The Troubli ng History Behind the
Accusations.  Kim Masters & Jonathan Handel, 4/30/2014.



 Salem  New s, America's Greatest Child Sex Scandal: Boys Town in Lincoln, Nebraska.  Tim
King, 12/29/2012.
 YouTube, Conspiracy Of Silence (Banned Discovery Channel Documentary).  Uploader
just1messenger , 2/1/2013: https://www .youtube.com/watch?v=ttT6FrMosBk
 Agence France-Presse via Public Radio International, Jerry Sandusky was part of pedophile
ring, victim claims  Ellen Connolly , 9/29/2012
 Deutsche Welle, Saudi Arabia: Critics slam human trafficking of Moroccan 'maids for
sale'. Wesley Dockery & Meriem Mar ghich, 2/28/2018
 NBC 4 Washingto n, Possible Human Trafficking Investigated  at Saudi Diplomatic
Compound in V irginia.. Jackie Bensen & Richard Jordan, 5/1/2013. Revised 5/3/2013
 The Washington Post, A ‘big political cover-up’ of 1980s pedophile-ring in U.K.
Parliament?. Terrence McCoy , 7/7/2014
 Daily Express, Jimmy Savile was part of satanic ring. James Fielding, 1/13/2013
 The New York Times, U.S. Soldiers Told to Ignor e Sexual Abuse of Boys by Afghan Allies.
Joseph Goldstein, 9/20/2015
 YouTube.com (CNN). 5,200 Pentagon Employees Bought Child Pornography ,
Investigation halted after 8 Months . Uploader Truther bot, 1/14/2015:
https://www .youtube.com/watch?v=IkUfMeAlV eE
 TIME. England: Land of Royals, Tea and Horrific Pedophilia Coverups.  Martin Hickman,
7/10/2014.
 The Associated Press via NBC News, U.N. Repo rt: Vatican Policies Allowed Priests To
Rape Childr en. Alessandra Tarantino, 2/5/2014
 The Assoc iated Press , Sixteen People Senten ced In Child Sex Scandal. 3/7/1988. Accessed
via APNews.com: https://apnews.com/c63b59a1ee2aba1ce05c4691 10a7338a
 Youtube.com (60 Minutes UK), 60 Minutes P1 UK Govt Paedo Network Exposed!.
Uploader After Burner , 7/19/2016: https://www .youtube.com/watch?v=qR0PYzPpTq4
 Podesta Email Thre ad Fwd: Dupuytren's Advance Info for John Podesta.  WikiLeak s,
12/20/2009: https://wikileaks.or g/podesta-emails/emailid/47943
WikiLeaks, Podesta Email Thread Re: Farmers L Upda te and Welcome Mat. 10/8/2015:
https://wikileaks.or g/podesta-emails/emailid/54545
 Wikipedia.or g, New Life Childr en's Refuge case:
https://en.wikipedia.or g/wiki/New_Life_Children%27s_Refuge_case
 WikiLeaks, Hillary Clinton Email Archive, NEW LIFE CHILDREN'S REFUGE (NLCR).
1/1/2001: https://wikileaks.or g/clinton-emails/emailid/3741
 WikiLeak s, The Global Intelligence Files, STRA TFOR Email thread [OS] HAIT I/US -
Legal adviser to U.S. Haiti missionaries arrested.  3/19/2010:



https://wikileaks.or g/gifiles/docs/32/323249_-os-haiti-us-legal-adviser -to-u-s-haiti-missionaries.html
 The New York Times, Adviser to Detained Americans in Haiti Is Investigated. Marc Lacey &
Ian Urbina, 2/11/2010
 WikiLeaks, Hillary Clinton Email Archive, NEW LIFE CHILDREN'S REFUGE - HAITIAN
ORPHAN RESCUE MISSION. 1/1/2001: https://wikileaks.org/clinton-emails/emailid/3776
 Harvard Human Rights Journal Vol. 25, Issue 1, Owning Laura Silsby’ s Shame: How the
Haitian Child Trafficking Scheme Embodies the Western Disregard for the Integrity of Poor
Families.  Pages 1-2. Shani M. King
 GQ, The 50 Most Powerful People in Washington*. Reid Cherlin, Rob Fischer , Jason
Zengerle & Jason Horowitz, 1/18/2012
 WikiLeaks, Podesta Email Thread Make a Differ ence in Virginia this Monday . 10/15/2012:
https://wikileaks.or g/podesta-emails/emailid/27890#efmAKgALR
 Federal Election Com mission,  Home Campaign Finance Data reports. Page 134. Schedule
B Form, American Bridge 21st Century
 Reddit, r/IAmA, I am performance artist Marina Abramovic. Ask me anything. Marina
Abramovic, 7/30/2013
 (Archived) The Washington Post, Married, with Art. Page C1. Jessica Dawson, 9/23/2004,
Archived 1 1/4/2016: https://archive.fo/HhWH9
 Wikipedia.or g, Dennis Hastert : https://en.wikipedia.or g/wiki/Dennis_Hastert
 WikiLeaks, Podesta Email Thread Re: Hellow!. 6/1/2015: https://wikileaks.or g/podesta-
emails/emailid/48488
 Wikipedia.or g, What What (In the Butt) :
https://en.wikipedia.or g/wiki/What_What_(In_the_Butt)
 The New York Times, For the Word on the Street, Courts Call Up an Online Witness.  Leslie
Kaufman, 5/20/2013
 BBC News, The saga of 'Pizzagate': The fake story that shows how conspiracy theories
spread. BBC Trending, 12/2/2016: https://www .bbc.com/news/blogs-trending-38156985
 Metr o Weekly , James Alefantis: From Scratch With two community-centric restaurants and
support of various causes, James Alefantis is committed to the common good. Doug Rule, 4/16/2015
 Wikipedia.or g, Antinous: https://en.wikipedia.or g/wiki/Antinous
 Wikipedia.or g, Osiris: https://en.wikipedia.or g/wiki/Osiris
 Fede ral Bureau of Investigation Intelligence Bulletin: Cyber Division, Innocent Images
National Initiative, Symbols and Logos Used by Pedophiles to Identify Sexual Pr eferences . 1/31/2007
 YouTube, Rachel Rose – Aubade: Grendel’ s Mother(live reading).  Uploade r
RachelRoseW rites, 2/2/2013: https://www .youtube.com/watch?v=R0vrpV5n4Ps



 YouTube, Majestic Ape of Heavy Breathing- Comet Ping Pong, Podesta PEDOPHILIA
JOKES, read DISCLAIMER BELOW . Uploader Random Rants of Ryan, 11/11/2016:
https://www .youtube.com/watch?v=vlhBn_zSIro&w=560&h=315
 Fox News, Billionair e sex offender Epstein once claimed he co-founded Clinton
Foundation. Malia Zimmerman, 7/6/2016
 The Daily  Mail, Bill Clinton identified in lawsuit against his former friend and pedophile
Jeffrey Epstein who had 'regular' orgies at his Caribbean compound that the former president visited
multiple times. Daily Mail Reporter , 3/19/2014, Revised 1/5/2015.
 New York Post, The ‘sex slave’  scandal that exposed pedop hile billionair e Jeffrey Epstein.
Maureen Callahan, 10/9/2016
 New  York Magazi ne, Jeffrey Epstein: International Moneyman  of Mystery . Landon
Thomas, Jr ., 10/28/2002
 The Daily Mail, Bill Clinton jumped aboard disgraced sex offender Jeffrey Epstein's 'Lolita
Expr ess' plane for junkets 26 TIMES in just three years.  Geof f Earle & David Martosko, 5/13/201 6,
Revised 5/16/2016
 (Archived ) Radar Online, Billionair e Pedophile Jeffrey Epstein Sent Bill Clinton $3.5
Million From Secret Swiss Bank Account, Radar Staff. 2/10/2015, Archived 7/5/2016:
https://pastebin.com/GsYbAQtp.
 The Daily Caller , The Friendship Between Trump And A Billionair e Pedophile That Nobody
Wants T o Talk About. Peter Hasson, 10/9/2016.
 The Daily  Mail, Epstein's Girl Friday  'fixer': Dead tycoon 's daughter Ghislaine Maxwell
and the girls she hir ed for paedophile's stable.  Sharon Churcher , 3/7/201 1 (Updated)
 Page  Six, Alleged Epstein madam forced to hand over 17 years of documents.  Lia
Eustachewich, 3/17/2016
 BilanaDjurdjevic. com, The Dentist Society . Bilana Djurdjevic,  11/2017:
http://biljanadjurdjevic.com/2017/1 1/dentist-society
 Twitter.com, Stefan Molyneux. Tweeted 5:09 p.m., July 7th, 2019. URL:
https://twitter .com/StefanMolyneux/status/1 147976052972642307
 Acel oewgold, The New York Times & Snopes: Was Pizzagate Debunked?. Ace of Swords,
11/26/2016
 The New York Times, Dissecting the #PizzaGate Conspiracy Theories.  Gregor Aisch, Jon
Huang & Cecilia Kang, 12/10/2016
 The New York Times, Foes of Russia Say Child Pornography Is Planted to Ruin Them.
Andrew Higgins, 12/9/2016
 GovT rack, H.R. 6393: Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017. 11/30/2016:
https://www .govtrack.us/congress/votes/1 14-2016/h593



 Reut ers, Exclusive: Top U.S. spy agency has not embraced CIA assessment on Russia
hacking – sour ces. Mark Hosenball & Jonathan Landay , 12/12/2016
 Inter national Business Times, 'I know who leaked DNC emails' and Russ ian involvement is
'utter bulls**t' says Assange confidante. Jason Murdock, 12/12/2016 (Updated)
 The Intercept, Anonymous Leaks to the WashPost About  the CIA’s Russia Beliefs Are No
Substitute for Evidence. Glenn Greenwald, 12/10/2016
 The Interc ept, Obama Must Declassify Evidence of Russian Hacking.  Jerem y Scahill & Jon
Schwarz, 12/12/2016
 The Washington Post via The Chicago Tribune, Divisions between CIA, FBI surface in
debate over Russian motives in election hacks.  Ellen Nakashima & Adam Entous, 12/10/2016
 The Intercept, A Clinton Fan Manufactur ed Fake News That MSNBC Personalities Spread
to Discr edit W ikiLeaks Docs. Glenn Greenwald, 12/9/2016
 Amazon. com page for Now They  Tell Us. Michael Massing, Copyright 2004:
https://www .amazon.com/Now-They-T ell-Us-American/dp/1590171292
 History Today , Vol. 48 Issue 2, The Sinking of the Maine. Richard Cavendish, February
1998
 CarlBerns tein.com, The CIA and the Media. Originally published in Rolling Stone
Magazine. Carl Bernstein, 10/20/1977: http://carlbernstein.com/magazine_cia_and_media.php
 The New York Times, Deception on Capitol Hill.  Page A20. 1/15/1992
 The New York Times, A Saudi Prince Tied to Bush Is Sounding Off-Key . Helene Cooper &
Jim Rutenber g, 4/29/2007
 CNN, Donna Brazile out at CNN amid leaks to Clinton campaign. Dylan Byers,
10/31/2016
 The Telegraph, Former BBC boss Mark Thompson 'lied' over Savile evidence, Nick Pollar d
claims.  Steven Swinford, 12/1 1/2013
 The Interc ept, Washington Post Disgracefully Promotes a McCarthyite Blacklist From a
New, Hidden, and V ery Shady Gr oup. Ben Norton & Glenn Greenwald, 1 1/26/2016
 The Daily  Caller , Website Labeled ‘Fake News’  Threatens To Sue WaPo For Defamation.
Rachel Stoltzfoos, 12/5/2016
 CNN, ABC News staged crime-scene shot, photograph shows. Dylan Byers, 1 1/4/2016
 The Daily Mail, Bizarr e moment CNN anchors unsuccessfu lly try to pretend they are not in
the same parking lot. Daily Mail Reporter , 5/8/2013, Revised 5/9/2013
 Forever Young Productions, Harry Welch, Jr.:
http://www .foreveryoungproductions.com/harrywelchjr/
 www .DC.gov , Traffic Cameras:  http://app.ddot.dc.gov/



 The National Security Archive, The Geor ge Washington University , Operation
Northwoods. The Joint Chiefs of Staf f of the United States of America, 3/13/1962
 Wikipedia.or g, A Rape on Campus: https://en.wikipedia.or g/wiki/A_Rape_on_Campus
 Wikipedia,or g, Stephen Glass:  https://en.wikipedia.or g/wiki/Stephen_Glass
 The Daily Mail, Norwegian police arrest 20 men in pedophile network probe. The
Associated Press, 1 1/20/2016, Revised 1 1/20/2016
 (Archived) The Pajama Factory , The Shops. Archived 12/1 1/2016: https://archive.fo/XgA5l
 (Archived) Washington Life Magazine. The District: Maryland & Virginia.  Mary K.
Mewborn, Archived 12/14/2016. THE DISTRICT  · MAR YLAND · VIRGINIA, Married, with Art.
Page C01. Jessica Dawson, 9/23/2004, Archived 1 1/4/2016: https://archive.fo/s8IB2
 Home Life Magazine , September 2013 Issue, Great Estates: Under Armour CEO buys the
Bruce Mansion in Georgetown, David Brock and James Alefantis sell in Kalorama, Tom Phillips sells
“Eaglecr est” in McLean. Page 106. Stacey Grazier Pfarr .
 BlockShopper .com, 2310 California Street NW Washington, DC 20008:
https://blockshopper .com/dc/washington-county-dc/washington/property/25190282/2310-california-
street-nw
 Wikipedia.or g, Priapus: https://en.wikipedia.or g/wiki/Priapus
 Curiously , the Intelius.com entry once cited for this listing is no longer online. Former
URL: https://www .intelius.com/people/Scott-Driscoll/W ashington-DC/0c4bw16ata2
 Zillow .com, 2310 California St NW Washington, DC 20008:
https://www .zillow .com/homedetails/2310-California-St-NW -Washington-DC-20008/460637_zpid/
 SourceW atch.or g, Potomac Strategies International:
https://www .sourcewatch.or g/index.php/Potomac_Strategies_International
 FATF-GAFI.or g, Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing Through the Real Estate
Sector (PDF). 29 June 2007: http://www .fatf-
gafi.or g/media/fatf/documents/reports/ML%20and%20TF%20through%20the%20Real%20Estate%2
0Sector .pdf
 DocD roid.net, Superior Court of the District of Columbia Civil Division, Civil Action No.
2011 CA 000695 B (PDF). William Grey vs. David Brock and Jame s Alefantis, Filed 3/11/2008:
https://www .docdroid.net/lIpLMAN/brock-court-documents.pdf
 FoxNews. com (Archived), Alleged Haitian Orphans Case: Attempted Child Trafficking or
a Big Misunderstan ding?  Greta van Susteren , Aired 2/1/2010. Transcript published 2/2/2010.
Archived 12/29/2016: https://archive.fo/ox7Fa#selection-281.0-281.84
 The New York Times, Trafficking Char ges for Adviser to Jailed Americans in Haiti. Marc
Lacey & Ian Urbina, 2/15/2010



 Washingto n City Paper , Frank Winstead Gone Wild: The Recor dings. Amanda Hess,
6/29/2008.
 The Washington Post (Archived), D.C. Official: Outdoor Seats At Pizza Place Will Mean
Rapes And Murders. Marc Fisher , 6/18/2008. Archived 12/24/2016:
https://archive.fo/Blp2o#selection-2085.0-2085.71
 D.C. Commission Meeting Recording: ANC3FmtgPart2-COMET .mp3
 The Maccoby Group: http://www .maccoby .com/
 NPH.or g
 (Archived ) NPH.or g, Excellence in Healthcar e Medical Bulletin. Page 7. May-August
2011. Archived 1/30/2017: https://archive.fo/vNAA Y#selection-3537.0-3681.25
 TerminalXPK.blogsp ot.com, List of names of CIA and Mossad officers around the world.
Terminal X, Archived 1/21/2017: https://archive.fo/gJQk9#selection-269.0-269.57
 ILW.com, Consular Corner (PDF). Liam Schwartz, July 2011:
http://www .ilw.com/articles/201 1,0727-schwartz.pdf
 Wikipedia.or g, Aircraft r egistration: https://en.wikipedia.or g/wiki/Aircraft_registration
 NTSB.gov , NTSB Identification: MIA00GA083:
https://www .ntsb.gov/_layouts/ntsb.aviation/brief2.aspx?
ev_id=20001212X20545&ntsbno=MIA00GA083&akey=1
 Wikipedia.or g, Dyncorp: https://en.wikipedia.or g/wiki/DynCorp#Bosnia_incidents
 The Guar dian, Jeffrey Epstein: insid e the decade of scandal entangling Prince Andr ew.
Paul Lewis & John Swaine, 1/10/2015.
 (Archived) Insight Magazine via CorpW atch, US: Dyncorp Disgrace. Kelly Patricia
O’Meara, 1/14/2002: http://www .corpwatch.or g/article.php?id=1 1119 Archived 7/24/2012:
https://archive.fo/KUY a
 (Archived) Gawker , Jeffrey Epstein Goes Free, Reunites with His “Sex Slave.” Cityfile,
7/22/2009: http://gawker .com/506615/jef frey-epstein-goes-free-reunites-with-his-sex-slave . Archived
1/26/2015: https://archive.fo/8fRAc
 Wikipedia.or g, Dyncorp: https://en.wikipedia.or g/wiki/DynCorp#Afghanistan_incidents
 WikiLeaks , Hillary Clinton Email Archive, DYNCORPS POST  STORY -- SECOND SHOE
TO DROP . 6/3/2009: https://wikileaks.or g/clinton-emails/emailid/15526
 Page Six, GAY-PORN KINGPIN LINKED T O O. PageSix.com staf f, 10/10/2008
 Willamette Week, Terry Bean 's Problem : A prominent Portla nder fights for his reputation
after a love affair goes wr ong. Kate Willson, 6/3/2017. Revised 1/24/2017
 Inquisitr, Terry Bean, Gay Rights Activist, Char ged With Sexually Abusing 15-Year-Old
Boy. Asher Bayot, 1 1/22/2014.



 (Archived) The Bay Area Reporter , HRC co-founder charged with boy's sex abuse. Seth
Hemmelgarn, 1 1/27/2014. Archived 1 1/30/2016: https://archive.fo/2ZlCX#selection-217.0-219.20
 NPR.or g, Explained: What Is a Bundler? Peter Overby , 9/14/2007
 Willamette Week, Terry Bean 's Problem : A prominent Portla nder fights for his reputation
after a love affair goes wr ong. Kate Willson, 6/3/2017. Revised 1/24/2017
 (Arch ived) Willamette Week, Prosecutors Ask Judge to Allow Futur e Refiling of Char ges
Against T erry Bean.  Nigel Jaquiss, 8/31/2015. Archived 1 1/30/2016: https://archive.fo/3kUxN
 The Oregonian/Oregon Live, Alleged victim in Terry Bean sex case disappears, trial now
in doubt. Steve Mayes, 7/31/2015. Revised 7/31/2015
 The Orego nian/Oregon Live, Gay rights activist Terry Bean hails dismi ssal of sex abuse
case; pr osecutor decries $225,000 settlement offer . Steve Mayes, 9/1/2015. Revised 9/2/2015
 Institute of Muslim Minority Affairs, JMMA  Editorial Boar d:
http://www .imma.or g.uk/editorialboard.htm
 The Wall Street Journal, Who Is Huma Abedin? Visi R. Tilak, 7/26/2012.
 Mwwlo.or g.uk, Contact: http://www .mwllo.or g.uk/contact/
 Wikipedia.or g, Muslim World League:
https://en.wikipedia.or g/wiki/Muslim_W orld_League
 The Global Muslim Brotherhood Daily Watch, Abdullah Omar Naseef:
https://www .globalmbwatch.com/abdullah-omar -naseef/
 HistoryComm ons.or g, Profile: Abdul lah Omar Naseef:
http://www .historycommons.or g/entity .jsp?entity=abdullah_omar_naseef_1
 Icco.co.uk, Contact: https://www .icco.co.uk/contact
 The Cut: Report: Anthony Weiner Could Face Child-Pornography Charges. Claire
Landsbaum, 1/31/2017
 The Daily Caller, EXCLUSIVE: Hillary Clinton Campaign Bundler Is Directly Lobbying
For Saudi Arabia. Chuck Ross, 4/20/2016
 The Huffington Post,  Hillary Clinton, The Podesta Group And The Saudi Regime: A Fatal
Menage A Trois. Medea Benjamin, 8/31/2016. Revised 9/1/2017
 Internation al Busine ss Times, Saudi Arab ia Executi ons 2016: Beheadings May Set New
Recor d This Y ear Amid W estern Pr essur e. Bruce Wright, 4/1/2016
 ADHRB.o rg, Saudi Nationals Contribute to Human Trafficking Domestically and Abroad.
Brittany Hamzy , 5/5/2016: https://www .adhrb.or g/2016/05/saudi-nationals-contribute-human-
trafficking-domestically-abroad/
 Salon , Saudi Arab ia funds and exports Islamic extremism: The truth behind the toxic U.S.
relationship with the theocratic monar chy. Ben Norton, 1/7/2016



 The Intercept, Why Did the Saudi Regime and Other Gulf Tyrannies Donate Millions to
the Clinton Foundation? Glenn Greenwald, 8/25/2016
 NPR.or g, Fake News Surge Pins D.C. Pizzeria As Home To Child-T rafficking. Linda
Wertheimer , 11/27/2016
 The Washingtonian, Comet Ping Pong Has Legal Options, But They Won’t Make
“Pizzagate” Go Away. Benjamin Freed, 12/9/2016
 The New York Times , Fake News  Onslaugh t Targets Pizzeria as Nest of Child-T rafficking.
Cecilia Kang, 1 1/21/2016
 The Telegraph, Former BBC boss Mark Thompson 'lied' over Savile evidence, Nick
Pollar d claims . Steven Swinford, 12/1 1/2013
 The Guardian, John Lydon  says he was 'banned from BBC' over Jimmy Savile comments .
Guardian Music, 9/24/2015. Interview aired on ITV  9/25/2015
 The Huffington Post, Mark Thompson Claims Ignorance Of Letter About Jimmy Savile
Scandal Sent On His Behalf.  Jack Mirkinson, 1 1/16/2012, Revised 1/16/2013
 Mirror , FA accused of turning blind eye to Sam Allar dyce's past 'as BBC did with Jimmy
Savile sex-abuse allegations'.  Adrian Kajumba, 10/5/2016
 The New York Times, Pedophilia: A Disor der, Not a Crime. Margo Kaplan, 10/5/2014
 The Washington Post, Fearing yet another witch hunt, Reddit bans “Pizzagate.”Abby
Ohlheiser, 11/24/2016
 BBC News, The saga of 'Pizzagate': The fake story that shows how conspiracy theories
spread. BBC Trending, 12/2/2016: https://www.bbc.com/news/blogs-trending-38156985
 Metr o Weekly , James Alefantis: From Scratch With two community-centric restaurants
and suppo rt of various causes, James Alefantis is committed to the common good.  Doug Rule,
4/16/2015: https://metroweekly .com/2015/04/from-scratch-james-alefantis
 Snop es.com, Is Comet Ping Pong Pizzeria Home to a Child Abuse Ring Led by Hillary
Clinton?  Kim LaCapria, 1 1/21/2016: https://www .snopes.com/fact-check/pizzagate-conspiracy/
 Washington City Paper, Alt Right Conspiracy Theorists Obsess Over Comet Ping Pong:
Unlikely theory pulls in Chevy Chase pizzeria. Will Sommer , 11/6/2016
 NPR.or g, Fake News Surge Pins D.C. Pizzeria As Home To Child-T rafficking.  Linda
Wertheimer , 11/27/2016
 YouTube.c om, James Alefantis answers questions about Pizzagate.  Uploader The Darke st
Reaches, 1 1/22/2016: https://www .youtube.com/watch?v=vlhBn_zSIro&w=560&h=315
 Wikipedia.or g, The Str eisand Effect: https://en.wikipedia.or g/wiki/Streisand_ef fect
 Reddit, r/technology , The disturbing YouTube videos that are tricking childr en -
Thousands of videos on YouTube look like versions of popular cartoons but contain  disturbing and
inappr opriate content not suitable for childr en. u/mvea, 3/27/2017



 Reddit, r/conspiracy: 4chan found MKUltra/Monar ch/Hypnosis conditioning videos on
YouTube Kids. Strange codes in comments that lead to more insanity . All Threads Being Removed.
This is Huge. W e Need Everyone On This. u/one_two_combo, 5/31/2017
 (Archiv ed) 4Chan, MKUL TRA on Youtube Kid/Elsagate. 6/1/2017:
https://yuki.la/x/19090604
 TODA YIFOUNDOUT .COM via Gizmodo, Project Mkultra: One of the Most Shocking
CIA Programs of All T ime. Melissa, 9/23/2013
 YouTube.com, unlisted video LZW KSUJAXAUW GX ZWFJDWKKS SFV AYGJ:
https://www .youtube.com/watch?v=I1uhjBDBiP4&feature=youtu.be
 YouTube.com unlisted video  Üù≡≡ùⁿ öÅ ○  ⁿÅ¬ö◘ ¶Ω╕╕¬ö:
https://www .youtube.com/watch?v=ga_W eesTq40&feature=player_embedded
 Original source, now gone from the web, was
https://darksideofyoutube.blogspot.com/p/channels.html
 BBC News, The disturb ing YouTube videos that are tricking childr en. BBC Trending,
3/27/2016: https://www .bbc.com/news/blogs-trending-39381889
 The Daily Mail, YouTube in trouble AGAIN as more sick pranksters trick childr en into
watching disturbing videos by disguising them as popular cartoons. Harry Pettit, 3/27/2017



Addenda
Pizzagate: Podesta pedo perps and Clinton's international child
sex trafficking ring exposed
Joachim Hagopian Sott.net  Fri, 02 Dec 2016
Use monetary and sex bribery to obtain control of people already
occupying positions in high places in the various levels of all
governments and other fields of endeavor . Once an influential person
had fallen for the lies, deceits, and temptations of the Illuminati, they
were to be held in bondage by application of political and other forms
of blackmail, threats of financial ruin, public exposure, and physical
harm, and even death to themselves and their loved ones. — Adam
Weishaupt , Illuminati Founder
Back in February 2015 I wrote a piece for Veterans Today about the
undeniable age-old nexus between power and pedophilia  when suspected
pedophiles Bill Clinton and attorney Alan Dershowitz were caught with



their pants down as frequent flyers on their registered sex of fender buddy
Jeffrey Epstein's Lolita Express documented flight logs. This coincided with
the English royalty connection through Prince Andrew's  known
involvement. Having spent the better part of a quarter century career in
mental health as a licensed therapist and clinician directly working with
child and adolescent victims  of sexual trauma and abuse in Los Angeles, I
recognize pedophilia as a pathological mental disorder  and international
crime of the worst disorder and over two and a half years ago was
compelled to write about human traf ficking . Its tentacles have spread like a
cancer to every corner of this earth to where slavery is far more widespread
today than any previous time in recorded human history . And Pizzagate as
the scandal that won't go away is currently forcing us to deal with this
abominable human malady like never before.
Last month a few days ahead of Election Day , FBI director James Comey
was forced  to reopen the criminal investigation of Hillary Clinton due to
smoking gun evidence discovered on the laptop filed under "life insurance"
belonging to Anthony Weiner , the disgraced former New York congressman
and husband of 20-year Clinton aide Huma Abedin. With 26 logged flight
plans for Bill and at least a half dozen for Hillary , it directly linked both
Clintons to Epstein's child sex slave pedophilia operation  on his Caribbean
island estate. A second file on the Weiner laptop named "DNC Nuclear
Arsenal" contained the dirt on Podesta and the DNC. In a third file labeled
"Intimate" an NYPD insider  claimed it included "X-rated photos of Huma
Abedin, Hillary Clinton with a teenager ."
The cat that had already been let out of the bag a couple years ago
obviously is not going back in, despite Comey reclosing her case two days
prior to Clinton  losing the election. Beyond all question or doubt a
pervasive international child sex slavery-traf ficking ring  has already been
absolutely established and well documented long before last month's
Pizzagate opened up the latest rabbit hole to a whole new can of Satanic
worms. This most recent twist strongly indicates that just a stone's throw
away from the White House the most egregious sex crimes operation ever
committed in the nation's capital directly implicates not only the Clintons
and Obama but as prime suspects Bill's former Chief of Staf f turned
Obama's legal counsel and Hillary's campaign manager John Podesta  and



his deep pocketed older brother lobbyist Tony Podesta, who for what it's
worth, ranks #23 on GQ  Magazine's list of the most powerful people in
Washington DC.
Comment:  See the SOTT  Focus: Progressive liberal values: Tony Podesta's
creepy taste in art, the creepy people he hangs out with, and Pizzagate
The weak link at the epicenter of the still unraveling Pizzagate pedophile
ring is 41-year old James Achilles Alefantis , owner of a pizza parlor called
Comet Ping Pong. By the way , on that GQ power list, this guy's been
designated the 49th most powerful  person in Washington. That's a bit weird
in itself to have out of all the heavy hitters in our nation's capital a pizza
joint owner as the 49th most important VIP. Through his posted display of
dozens of perverted, bizarre photographs over many months accompanied
by sick, highly incriminating commentaries on his public Instagram page
(recently switched to private), along with dozens more WikiLeaked John
and Tony Podesta emails to and from their intimate circle of criminal
friends that include Hillary and Bill Clinton, an extremely strong and
convincing case of circumstantial evidence  emer ges that when compiled
together cannot be dismissed, conclusively demonstrating that the most
powerful figures in the most powerful nation on earth may be hardcore
Luciferian worshipping pedophiles partaking in an international child sex
slave traf ficking ring.
This presentation will tie the myriad of known pieces together that
culminates the exhaustive, still ongoing, admirable ef fort made by
thousands of internet sleuths  feverishly communicating and exchanging
information in recent weeks on Reddit. Touching a raw nerve, an open
wound of pus-filled decadence is now oozing out of the nation's capital,
where the most powerful movers and shakers on the planet live and work
that could potentially bring down the global crime cabal. In response, no
doubt under orders from a reeling, fearful elite, a week ago Reddit closed its
subreddit  Pizzagate hashtag that's now been replaced by Voat as the online
meetingplace  hub for sharing info.



What's being exposed here is a thoroughly corrupt, broken system that
carries out the most egregious crimes on earth that up until now through
centralized media control ( run by six oligarchs ), its crimes against humanity
have lar gely been sealed and protected. But as much ef fort as the fake MSM
news  establishment desperately tries to cover up the overwhelming, in-our -
face evidence, with Pizzagate critical mass is reaching the tipping point, and
there is no stopping the ugly truth from now being widely disseminated to
the global masses. Hence, the establishment is aggressively pushing back
with censorship  on the internet in a desperate countermeasure to shut down
the truth from getting out.
Comment:  Which may have as much to do with Trump winning the
election  and the Western-led war against Russia  as anything else.
That the everyday citizens must be enlisted to function in the role of
detectives working the internet trenches 24/7 to break the "story of the
century" wide open, rather  than wait for  the nation's law enfor cement
apparatus to complete the criminal investigation, speaks volumes in
and of itself.  The fact that the FBI r efuses to follow thr ough on
releasing its explosive findings only confirms its leadership is mor e than
a complicit accomplice but an integral part of the systemic pr oblem
within a perversely diabolical system operating with total impunity ,
protecting the guilty at the top. Reddit's shameful attempt to undermine and
thwart the citizens' online investigation, the MSM whores' failure to expose
and law enforcement's failure to indict all prove that the system is
completely broken beyond repair . The criminal establishment is currently in
a state of pure panic, terrified that truth is spreading and under the clear
light of day , like cockroaches the elite's running for the hills.
Pizzagate is the single most potent driving force behind America's secret
shadow government and its MSM minions conspiratorially , frantically
colluding with internet giants Facebook, Google, Twitter and Reddit to
remove all traces of the uncovered ugly truth from the World Wide Web,



deceitfully mislabeling and censoring it as " fake news ." However , having
now reached the point of no return, enough of the American and global
public is finally onto the elite's criminal madness and propaganda
brainwash that have successfully misshaped and manipulated our
perceptions of reality for far too long.
This breaking story exposes the most appalling and perverse criminality at
the top of the globalized food chain and in one fell swoop threatens to bring
down the existing NWO international crime cabal that's owned, operated
and controlled virtually all human af fairs throughout every corner of this
planet for centuries. It's time we smite the cabal's vile head to vanquish this
demonic monstrosity once and for all, ultimately liberating a long suf fering
humanity from its genocidal stranglehold. As citizens of the world we must
rise up and come together in unified solidarity in the name of truth and
justice to demand fundamental change as we clean house, drain the swamp
and root out this overwrought evil to hold the guilty accountable, starting
with full disclosure of the Pizzagate story .
Honest renegade elements within the New York FBI of fices and the NYPD
grumbled loud enough to threaten to blow the lid of f the Clinton pedophile
cover -up based on the trove of incriminating evidence found on Weiner's
laptop . Suddenly the US intelligence community responsible for so many of
the WikiLeaks data dumps represented by Steve Pieczenik's YouTube
videos  announced days ahead of the election that a peaceful countercoup
was underway removing the Clinton crime machine from power . At that
same time, hundreds more of John Podesta emails were released by
WikiLeaks , and the shocking revelations began emer ging just a week before
America voted Donald Trump on November 8th to be our next president.
Checking with FBI code words  commonly associated and widely utilized in
pedophile circles and investigations, instantaneously social media became
abuzz on the frenzied, unstoppable Reddit message boards busily
deciphering the leaked Podesta emails and connecting them to the pizza
shop owner's strange and disturbing social media entries, piecing the clues
together to come up with a dark sinister picture of the northwest DC's
pizzeria called Comet Ping Pong that's apparently been acting as the front
for a major child sex ring network. Shaking this tree may bring down the



cabal.
The facts that Clinton fundraisers have regularly been held there in addition
to two Obama  phone bank fundraisers  during his 2012 reelection campaign,
another Comet sponsored fundraiser at the White House where Obama  was
photographed playing ping pong with a child along with owner Alefantis
being a White House guest  at least five times, a letter sent by Hillary
thanking Alefantis for hosting a fundraiser , a document showing Hillary
paid Alefantis  $10,000 and even her main financier Geor ge Soros  donating
another $1 1,600 to Comet Pizza through the P AC American Bridge 21st
Century , these things don't happen to just any pizza joint owner in America
but only to one with direct connections to the most powerful players at the
top of the power pyramid. So when vigilant citizens investigating and
scrutinizing Podesta emails crosschecked them with Alefantis' Instagram
pages, a clear picture began emer ging of a child sex slave traf ficking
operation indicating the most powerful puppets in Washington are guilty as
sin. And linking Alefantis and Podesta to both the already confirmed Weiner
evidence and the previously well-known Epstein child sex slavery ring, a
more complete picture of hardcore evidence is now crystalizing that all the
MSM deception in the world can no longer hide or suppress.
With all his brash, grandstanding bravado exhibited on Instagram for all the
world to suddenly see, James Achilles Alefantis  quickly became the
Achilles heel to the Clinton-DNC big wigs' active pedophilia ring. Despite
James promptly switching his accounts to private  once the Reddit
investigators were exposing him, dozens of highly disturbing photographs
along with his and his followers' equally bizarre, more than suggestive
Instagram responses began circulating all over the internet, speaking
volumes for the fast-growing, inquisitive worldwide audience busily putting
two and two together .
On his Instagram account Alefantis posted photo after photo of babies,
toddlers  and young children all in less than subtle poses suggesting they are
of no more value than a secret stolen commodity for sale. One such photo
shows an infant holding packs of cash dollars extending into its mouth.
Alefantis posted another pic of a baby being held by an adult male with the
Alefantis caption "cuteness is serious business." Another yawning cutie



includes a for sale sign reading "German baby for sale $1,200 please do not
touch!" with Alefantis' comment "way overpriced." Or the photo of his
large under ground, austerely empty room that looks like it could be a cold
storage unit but has Alefantis' comments "oh yeah looks like fun," with his
"#murder" hashtag and another's "#killroom." The guy who wrote the
#killroom hashtag has on his Instagram account photos that suggest he
makes child  sized coffins. In that dark context, it could easily double as a
torture/death chamber with another comment saying "just rinse it of f when
you're done." Tony Podesta sent an email  to brother John stating "Still in
torture chamber ." Another photo shows a very young girl about 3 with both
her arms strapped down with tape and an adult male lurking behind her at
the "kid-friendly" pizza shop, suggesting both bondage and torture.
For a pizza joint that advertises itself as a local family-friendly hangout
where parents come to share pizza with their kids and can listen to music
while their young ones happily play ping pong in adjacent and downstairs
rooms, the wall murals in the kids' ping pong rooms and the live after 10PM
"adult" entertainment performances totally contradict this "wholesome"
family image being sold. Alefantis posted Instagram pics of lar ge murals on
the walls with X-rated themes depicting adults holding children's
decapitated heads while real kids are playing ping pong. This place has
secret rooms, a dark basement and eye slits on the wall to see through. On a
bathroom door hidden behind secret panels a sign reads "shut up and fuck."
Hardly the kind of kids-friendly atmosphere the pizza joint supposedly
prides itself on.
An oft booked after hours adult entertainer at the Comet pizzeria is Amanda
Kleinman  (aka Majestic ape). In a YouTube video of her live show she
emphasizes not celebrating Christmas at a friend's January birthday but
instead her demon child sacrifice god Moloch in a bizarre diatribe that
mentions euthanasia and jokes about pedophilia. Her brother Christopher
Kleinman is serving a 43-year sentence for multiple counts of child
molestation.
The Comet manager interviewed  by a local TV reporter repeatedly
emphasizes mutual trust between staf f and customers, as if they need to
keep secrets. Makes no sense for trust to be the keyword to describe a pizza



joint. It's far more likely that only criminals, conspirators and those who
have something wicked to hide would have so much riding on trust.
Strangely or not so strangely , two doors down from Comet is Besta Pizza
that has a logo taken straight out of the FBI data base as a symbol for "boy
lover"  pedophiles. Even more telling is the Besta owner Andrew Kline as a
Bill Clinton appointee is an attorney who works at the Human Trafficking
Prosecution Unit  at the Department of Justice. Across the street from Comet
pizza in NW  DC there's an of fice housing an NGO called Beyond Borders
that allegedly works with Haitian orphans. Often services ostensibly set up
to help refugees operate as a front concealing exploitive criminal activity .
Think about it. Haiti destroyer -crime boss Hillary Clinton-Haitian traf ficker
Janet Silsby-likely murdered anti-traf ficking journalist Monica Petersen
(more on Silsby and Monica later) intersects with Comet pizza child pedo
trafficking ring-Besta DOJ anti-traf ficking attorney-traf ficked Haitian
orphans of fice. Every single establishment on the entire block  are part of
the Hillary fanatic brigade. This insulated do-loop seems like an ideal set-up
for the illegal child traf ficking operation financed by the Clinton-Soros-
Rothschild money .
Just to add more questions involving more than chance connections, a Doug
Band email with the subject line pizza.jpg  sent on August 8th, 2009 to John
Podesta, Huma Abedin and a couple other Clinton big wigs includes an
attached photo and says "As John said, it doesn't get any better than this."
Doug Band  was the Clinton Foundation man who made the Clintons
multimillionaires after they left the White House. The photograph depicts
two woman and a daughter happily eating pizza. The two Asian American
females in the pizza pic happened to be the two journalists while covering
human sex traf ficking mistakenly crossed into North Korea and were
apprehended by the military . After spending the previous 140 days locked
up in a North Korean prison, three days earlier to the email, they had
arrived back home on US soil after Bill Clinton had negotiated  the
reporters' release. And on that trip to North Korea Clinton was accompanied
by his former Chief of Staf f John Podesta and real estate heir and
Democratic Party contributor Steve Bing. By the way , Bill and Bing were
both Lolita Express flyers to fellow pedo buddy's Epstein's sex slave island.
All this coincidence? I don't think so. The ecstasy expressed in the email by



John and the Clinton crew might just be over the additional capital earned
by Bill's heroics vastly improving their prospects for a flourishing child sex
trafficking ring in the coming 7 years ahead - that is until the SHTF with
Pizzagate a month ago.
Another anomaly are several photos  Alefantis posted on social media of
under ground chambers where workers are digging holes below his
restaurant. Despite this kind of renovation needing permits, there is no
record of the Comet owner ever being issued a permit in the last several
years of the 10-year old business. Then Alefantis actually jokes about filling
in the dug out holes with the babies pictured on his other posts. This kind of
very sick commentary permeates his Instagram account and of course
cements in the minds of thousands of internet users James Alefantis' guilt as
a murderous pedophile. It has also fueled speculation of a reported
under ground abandoned subway system in DC with tunnels interconnecting
all the pro-Clinton buildings on his block that are working the child
trafficking pipeline together .
It's not like child sex traf ficking networks are a new phenomenon.
Longtime UK kiddie host-kiddie Satan worshipping predator Jimmy Savile
whose pedo-files led straight to English royalty , high court judges,
prominent parliament members and even a former prime minister . Current
aging Prince Charles, his father Prince Philip  and Charles' mentor Lord
Mountbatten , all longtime close friends of Jimmy , have been reported to be
pedophiles. Savile is believed to have supplied victims for the UK royals
and elites. Even Prince Charles ' intimate relationship with Savile is raising
questions. Yet protected by the BBC, the sexual predator enjoyed a career
spanning more than a half century gaining easy access to vulnerable
children he opportunistically raped. Despite so many insiders aware of his
brutal crimes, they stayed silent allowing him to continue decade after
decade. His pervasive "invisible" criminal record only surfaced after
Savile's death in 201 1, revealing that he and his powerful friends in high
places have been brutally molesting thousands of young victims
uninterrupted over a span of indefinite time.
This wall of shame that's paralleled the Catholic Church's own sinful pedo
past and cover -up shows how deep state continues to protect its global



network with complete impunity , literally stealing several million children
from their homes every year , a 2002 study estimated an annual 800,000
missing children in America alone. That number has likely skyrocketed in
the past 14 years. Another estimate 17 years ago in 1999 stated that over 1.3
million US children  went missing. Those outdated statistics even outnumber
all cancer deaths by a third. According to those obsolete records, 1 in 92
kids in the US winds up missing each year .
If it's this deadly perilous for America's boys and girls, the number of child
trafficking victims in Third World nations like Haiti, Colombia and in Asia
is far more alarming. Let's face it, it's a gar gantuan, lar gely untalked about
human epidemic that Pizzagate is forcing us to finally confront and come to
grips with to try and stop. Exposing the guilty now of fers removal from
power the very crime cabal network of sickos who've been ruling over the
earth for centuries. Rather than continued ignorance and silence, the present
horror coming out of Washington is presenting an opportunity to wipe the
slate clean by pur ging these diabolical predatory monsters, and that's
actually a Godsend.
Pedophilia is a growing black-eye everywhere on this planet now . In the US
the Franklin scandal unfolded throughout the 1980's traf ficking hundreds of
underage boys and girls from the Boys Town Nebraska area into
Washington, even late night visits to the White House under Skull and
Bones NWO ghoul Geor ge H.W .'s watch. The widespread scandal is
featured in a British documentary entitled " Conspiracy of Silence " that was
scheduled to be aired on the Discovery Channel but at the last moment was
pulled to keep the pedophilia problem hidden from public awareness.
Fortunately one copy was retained by courageous former Nebraska state
senator John de Camp  who documented the disturbing story in a book and
the documentary has been redistributed on the internet chronicling this
tragic miscarriage of justice that victimized hundreds perhaps thousands of
innocent minors, some of whom were actually double punished with false
imprisonment.
Because pedophilia and child traf ficking have been kept so tightly under
wraps by the elite rulers for so long, the international crime rings engaging
in child abduction, child sex slavery , even child sacrifice and cannibalism in



Luciferian rituals practiced for centuries  by secret societies has remained
unchecked and as a result only grown from bad to worse.
In addition to the higher profile Franklin scandal, there was also the
Presidio military post scandal with known pedophile and career Army
intelligence of ficer Michael Aquino  who was Church of Satan leader
Anton's LeV ey's protégé from 1969 up to 1975 when Aquino left to declare
himself high priest of his own Satanic Set Temple in San Francisco.
Meanwhile, he spent 22 years in the Army abusing hundreds of children
everywhere he went and incredibly was never even char ged for a single
crime despite being identified by victims. He was even involved in
Nebraska's Franklin scandal as well as ordered the abduction of a Des
Moines paperboy . Additionally , HW  Bush used Aquino with Col. Ollie
North as an operative in the Iran Contra scandal smuggling cocaine into the
US from Central America.
At the Presidio daycare Lt. Col. Aquino and his subordinates ritualistically
abused  and tortured children at least from 1986-1988 despite evidence
destroyed in a series of arson fires to further obstruct justice. The military
authorities simply proceeded to sweep the horror under the rug as no
charges were brought against any of fenders. Finally it's reported that the
Army involuntarily retired Aquino but with an honorable dischar ge at full
pension in 1990. Of course Aquino denies all allegations citing never being
charged as proof of his innocence. He also furnishes online a dischar ge
from Army Reserves  in 1994 as proof the Army did not force his
resignation from Active Duty in 1990. To this day the pedophile is still
practicing his brand of Satanism in his San Francisco temple .
This same despicable pattern occurred at a daycare facility at my own alma
mater West Point , New York in the mid-1980's. The abuse was ongoing for
a couple years before legal action was finally taken after a ser geant
murdered a child but was given a dishonorable dischar ge as his get out of
jail card. A consistent pattern prevails at military facilities across the nation
where victims and their families are not even believed when they report the
crimes. Assigned US Attorney Rudy Giuliani prior to becoming NYC
mayor worked in cahoots with West Point of ficials and the FBI to minimize
the public scandal at such a "fine, prestigious" institution by essentially



letting the perpetrators walk. Then afterwards the victimized families were
advised to "just move on and for get about it." But life for a sexually
traumatized young child never goes back to "normal," nor does it for the
family . Nightmares, paranoia, acute mistrust and anxiety haunt victims the
rest of their lives. Like known pedophile priests  that the Vatican condones
by allowing its perps to transfer from one assigned location to the next to
continue inflicting unfathomable pain and suf fering on countless child
victims and their families, similarly the US military is an unconscionable
accomplice to pedophilia crimes committed by military personnel both on
and of f US military posts throughout the world. Offenders in uniform  are
egregiously further protected as federal employees.
But the wall of silence in the entertainment field  is even worse. Both
Hollywood and the music industry are notoriously saturated with
pedophiles who've remained untouched and allowed to continue working
successful long careers as child managers, directors and producers while
permanently destroying kids' lives, ceaselessly preying upon underage boys
and girls. " An Open Secret " is but one revealing, very sad documentary
showcasing the widespread severity , stigmatization and damage perpetrated
on young aspiring actors and singers.
And then there's the fact that careers of so many of the most famous
superstar entertainers - Beyoncé, husband Jay Z, Kanye West (who was
mentally hospitalized recently for publicly turning against Clinton),
Rhianna, Miley , Lady Gaga, Katy Perry , Britney Spears, Madonna, the list
goes on and on, all have been shaped by demonic handlers spreading their
cabal message as decadent pied pipers of gloom and doom. Historically the
immense popularity of entertainment stars has been exploited by MKUltra
and other brainwashing programs perpetrated by the CIA/Mossad/MI6
handlers as mere social engineering tools used by ruling elite to globally
influence, program and control generations of billions of impressionable
fans.
This topic of pedophilia is not going away , not this time anyway . Just last
week Norwegian police  arrested 20 and identified 31 more suspects in the
largest child sex ring discovered in that country . No doubt related, on the
same day of the arrests, the Norwegian government announced that its 2017



contribution to the Clinton Foundation will be cut by near 90%  from last
year's peak. Three months earlier 75 arrests  were made in a pedophile
sweep across Europe involving 26 of 28 EU nations plus Norway and
Switzerland as a result of a yearlong Europol investigation in traf ficking
child pornography after decoding the "dark web" encryption system. The so
called dark web is a haven for these child porn mongers using bitcoin to
peddle their diabolical wares.
Headlines in Australia  a month ago detailed the massive child sex network
still operating 40 years later after a victim came forth to hold a press
conference addressing her sex slave experience that began at age 5 when
abducted and raped repeatedly by VIP's high up in the Australian
government. She maintains that her maltreatment by unresponsive
authorities ever since has been more traumatic than the sex abuse itself. A
senator stated that he holds a list of identified pedophile perpetrators from
police consisting of 28 prominent government of ficials including a former
prime minister . Additionally similar to Norway , last Friday Australia
announced that it will no longer contribute  any money to the Clinton
Foundation after totaling $88 million in the last decade. To think that
worldwide contributions made to that charity fraud have supported the
Clintons' globalized child traf ficking network is mind-blowing.
As the epidemic of child sex rings becomes even more exposed globally
than ever before in history , punctuated by the Clintons' filthy fingerprints all
over the mounting evidence, critical mass in America is currently occurring
as the latest Pizzagate developments spread only wider across the globe.
Meanwhile establishment rags like the New Y ork T imes, Washington Post
and NPR  reacting in full damage control mode are feebly rushing to Comet
Ping Pong's defense, accusing the internet of fabricating the story yet failing
to cite any facts to back up their bogus claim, only proving how desperate
their real fake news  is now that their credibility has dwindled to near zero.
A cursory examination of James Alefantis' life is rather revealing. He is
presently the romantic partner of David Brock, ex-right-wing journalist-
hatchet man turned Hillary hatchet man, founder of such tax exempt
nonprofits as the liberal watchdog group Media Matters and Control the
Record as well as a former Bitcoin director . Time Magazine  describes



Brock as "one of the most influential operatives in the Democratic Party ."
The illegal activities that Brock's been hiding for years provided a spurned
former lover to accuse Brock of "financial malfeasance,"  cooking the books
of his Control the Record Hillary Super P AC with a blatant money
laundering  scheme. As a result, Brock had to sell his Delaware home in
order to pay of f his ex with $850,000  in hush money that Brock himself
calls "blackmail payment." It's also speculated that Bitcoin is conveniently
used as an untraceable financial mechanism that's enabled human
trafficking  rings in recent years to flourish under the legal radar .
A far looser connection but worth noting is the one Instagram member who
is most in agreement with all of James Alefantis' perverted postings happens
to be Arun Rao , the DOJ's US Attorney's of fice chief in the southern district
of Maryland that borders Alefantis' neighborhood. Like the Besta pizza
owner two doors down from James, Rao also handles prosecutions
involving human traf ficking and child pornography . Again, coincidence that
all these guys "love" little kids? I don't think so. The very people high up in
Washington whose jobs it is to protect children from pedo traf fickers are
likely the same guilty players who are part of the criminal operation. That's
how sick and corrupt our government's become.
And if it's true that our own federal government is behind the epidemic of
international child sex slavery traf ficking like it definitely is behind the
international drug smuggling  operation that funds black ops, then that
explains why Washington DC and Virginia have the highest per capita
missing child rate out of the entire United States. According to records at
the Center for Missing and Exploited Children , kids in Virginia are 4.67
times  more likely to end up missing than the kids in the rest of America and
2.67 times more than the second most per capita state Florida. Only one
other state, the most populated California that has a population nearly five
times that of Virginia has more children missing.
One more disturbing trend, the number of missing Virginia kids without
even photos posted on file has skyrocketed this year , up from just 8 in
August to 74  in November . And 3 out of 4 child victims of sex traf ficking
are already in the child "protective" services (CPS) system. What does that
tell you? Our own governmental arm that's supposed to protect and keep



kids safe is doing exactly the opposite. But then if in fact it's the
government that are the human traf fickers, again that completely explains
why.
One child advocate who r ecognized the rampant abuses  committed by
CPS was Geor gia state senator Nancy Schaefer . She made such a ruckus
exposing systemic child kidnapping destroying so many families forcing
unwanted national attention to the growing mistreatment of children in
social services care that one night in March 2010 she and her husband were
most likely murder ed. The "of ficial explanation" was ruled a homicide-
suicide case with her husband blamed for killing her and then turning the
gun on himself. But those who knew the couple well think very dif ferently
and claim that she was receiving death threats. Sadly , exposing the heinous
wrongdoing of a criminal system carries high risks.
There's a truism that says the company you keep says a whole lot about you.
Applying this principle to the Clintons, the Weiners, Jef frey Epstein, James
Alefantis and the Podesta brothers, it doesn't reflect very highly on any of
these dark shady characters. What's increasingly clear by the Clinton-
Podesta WikiLeaks data  dump is that as partners-in-crime they're all
intimately in tight with each other . In fact a recent photo  of James Alefantis
and Tony Podesta with arms wrapped around each other was taken at Tony's
73rd birthday party in October .
But the Podesta boys have another very close friend they invite to dinner for
both entertainment as a performance artist as well as a chef of sorts
concocting a strange brew called "spirit cooking." Enter high Wiccan
priestess Marina Abramovic . Her brand of spirit cooking mixes together
such "delectable" ingredients as fresh human breast milk, human semen and
swine blood (simulating human blood although she's known to use
menstrual blood as well). What she and the boys call art when demonstrated
in public she herself calls occult rituals when conducted in the privacy of
their own homes or such venues as Comet pizzeria's "after dark" hours. In
one video  Marina is filmed painting in blood on a wall the following words:
"With a sharp knife cut deeply into the middle finger of your left hand" and
below it "eat the pain." And wouldn't you know it, a photo currently floating
around the web casts a devilishly smiling John Podesta dutifully exhibiting



his sliced bandaged middle finger of his left hand with the number 14 in his
right open palm and the fish symbol drawn on his left palm, juicily inviting
cryptic occult speculation  galore on the internet.
Strong evidence suggests that the Podesta brothers are pedophiles who
participate in Luciferian rituals. Tony Podesta has mural paintings plastered
all over the walls of his home showing minors in S&M bondage and Katy
Grannon photos of naked teenagers . He also owns a grotesquely sculptured
bigger than life-sized one ton bronze replica called "Arch of Agony"  of an
actual macabre photo of one of serial murder -cannibal Jef frey Dahmer's
headless victims that Dahmer forced into an odd postmortem pose.
In another John Podesta email to his brother , the childless middle-aged man
shares that he is " seated with the kids so a little wired ," referring to children
sitting next to him on a plane, using the word "wired" likely inferring his
arousal as a pedophile.
Between the sick, demented so called art and the infinite email references to
pizza obsession encoded in pedo terminology conferring sex with underage
children, supplemented by Alefantis' obsessive fixation for babies for sale in
his pizza shop Instagram photos with his kid-unfriendly pizza parlor's wall
murals and flyers depicting pedophiliac predators raping infants, this kind
of graphic imagery perversely plunges far beyond any suggestive realm of
"twisted art," transgressing deep into dark, lurid acts of criminal pedophilia.
Pizza and pedophilia simply do not mix except in the deranged twisted
world of fellow pedos.
Speaking of "birds of a feather ," aside from Alefantis, John and Tony
Podesta have maintained long term friendships with at least three known
convicted pedophiles as well - disgraced ex-Speaker of the House of
Representatives Dennis Hastert , infamous of fender Jef frey Epstein and
Sigmund's grandson British writer , broadcaster , chef and politician Clement
Freud. And those are just the ones who got caught.
Yet another heavily covered angle on the internet Podesta saga shows their
spitting images drawn in two police sketches  made right after three year old
Madeleine McCann  went missing in Portugal in May 2007 at the exact



same time and place where the Podesta brothers were staying at their old
child molesting chum Clement Freud's million dollar estate just a third of a
mile away from where Madeleine was abducted. Even Tony Podesta's mole
on his forehead matched the mole in the police drawing. Just what do you
think the odds are of that? Out of the country , Freud had loaned his home to
his fellow pedo buddies and even after Madeleine's disappearance, Freud
made contact with the little girl's parents.
The latest interesting piece of circumstantially incriminating evidence to
surface is an Andrew Breitbart  statement made on Twitter dated back on
February 4th, 201 1:
How prog-guru John Podesta isn't household name as world class underage
sex slave op cover -upper defending unspeakable dregs escapes me
Perhaps such dangerously true revelations is what got 43-year old Andrew
likely murdered  one year later .
Though there appear dozens of Podesta-Clinton emails that are red flags of
something sinister lurking behind the thinly veiled pedo lingo, the following
WikiLeaks released email  to John Podesta and other Clinton players from a
fellow DNC insider who happens to be a step-grandmother pimping of f her
underage grandchildren obviously for got to throw in the pizza as their
standard cover:
We plan to heat the pool, so a swim is a possibility . Bonnie will be Uber
Service to transport Ruby , Emerson, and Maeve Luzzatto (1 1, 9, and almost
7) so you'll have some further entertainment, and they will be in that pool
for sure.
When all of this massive amount of circumstantial information together is
taken into account, it really isn't such a farfetched stretch to believe that
such aficionados of the black arts as the Podestas in context with their wider
circle of DNC friends many of whom are known perverts and felons, John
and Tony may in fact be Luciferian worshipping pedophiles. If John
Podesta is being wrongly crucified in the court of online public opinion
based on what at least appears incriminatingly suspicious, why has he
chosen to remain silent throughout? Perhaps because anything he says may



be used against him in a court of law . Knowing both the Podestas and
Clintons' scandalous common history and their warped sexual preferences
amongst their common friends, the only logical explanation is that they're
both two pea pods falling out of the same shaken pedo pair pod tree.
Let's now take a brief look into the past at John Podesta's crime boss
Hillary . Obama and Hillary's ideological mentor Saul Alinsky  dedicated his
1971 book Rules for Radicals  to "the first radical known to man - Lucifer ."
Hillary paid homage to her Luciferian admiring guru in her 92-page
Wellesley College thesis.
Then there's former FBI Agent Gary Aldrich  who as an astutely trained
White House observer was stationed in the Clinton residence from 1993-
1995 during Bill's first term in of fice. Aldrich was so distraught by what he
witnessed, it compelled him to write a book to warn America about the
Clintons' grave misdeeds that seriously endangered national security .
Of particular concern when considered in the context of Hillary's darker
occult involvement history , Agent Aldrich went into detail to describe how
the First Lady chose to decorate the famous Blue Room Christmas tree  in
both 1993 and again in 1994, using ornaments that featured nude
fornicating figurines, "crack pipes hung on a string," ornaments made of
"syringes, heroin spoons and [marijuana] roach clips." He also noted that
Hillary included "Five Golden rings - sex toys known as 'cock rings.'" The
FBI agent summarized Hillary's bizarre, un-Christmassy exhibit on public
display this way:
So many of the ornaments didn't celebrate Christmas as much as they
celebrated sex, drugs, and rock and roll.
Many observers including Clinton insider Larry Nichols  have stated that
Hillary regularly participated in witch coven meetings. Others insist that she
is a fifth degree Luciferian witch. Famed Watergate journalist Bob
Woodward wrote that Hillary Clinton conducted numerous séances  inside
the White House, contacting her idol Eleanor Roosevelt. Hillary herself in a
June 10th, 1996 column even admitted to talking to Eleanor's spirit. Bill
Clinton mentioned in his My Life memoir that he and Hillary had the



opportunity in 1975 to participate in a voodoo ritual  in Haiti where dead
spirits took possession of participants' bodies. Clearly Hillary has been an
avid practitioner in black magic occult practices.
That first Clinton trip to Haiti was followed 35 years later by their
infamously greedy return to rip of f the poorest nation in the Western
Hemisphere for millions of dollars after the deadly January 2010 quake that
killed 300,000 Haitians. According to attorney and human rights activist
Ezili Dantò , as the UN envoy in char ge of $6 billion in humanitarian relief
offered to rebuild Haiti, Bill Clinton saw to it that less than 1% of that
money went to the Port-au Prince government. Speaking of the Haitian rip-
off, Hillary gave her brother Tony Rodham a sweet deal with controlling
interests in a goldmine company in northern Haiti that's only swindled more
precious assets from the Haitian people. But the nefarious mining
company's primary purpose has been as a front for the Clinton child
trafficking ring ... as right after the earthquake Haitian children went missing
in droves from hospitals.
... which brings us to yet another damning Haiti connection in seedy
character Laura Silsby , a convicted child traf ficker who was caught trying
to kidnap 33 Haitian children out of the country . Silsby is supposedly the
former director of a phantom "New Life Children's Refuge." Yet the vast
majority of children she was holding at the time of her arrest had two
parents. Leaked WikiLeaks emails show that Huma Abedin constantly
funneled all emails directly to Hillary concerning Laura's Haitian
enterprises. Emails as far back as 2001 link Silsby to the Clinton
Foundation and Hillary's chief of staf f and known perjurer Cheryl Mills,
confirming that for years Hillary had a personal stake in Silsby's traf ficking
affairs. Leaked emails from Hillary herself demonstrate that she protected
the child kidnapper from prosecution, arranging legal counsel for her and
the 10 others arrested. The real kicker is that the attorney who defended
Silsby is a convicted sex traf ficker himself. Again birds of a feather ... one
WikiLeaks Clinton email even goes so far as to discuss prices for
trafficking child car go.
A very much related story that has just come out of Haiti in November is
the mysterious death of young journalist Monica Petersen  working for an



anti-human traf ficking or ganization. She was allegedly piecing together
evidence connecting Hillary's brother Tony's mining company , the Clinton
Foundation's board of directors and the Clintons' child sex traf ficking ring ,
especially after the Pizzagate story broke. Meanwhile her family has been
kept totally in the dark with no explanation of her death. One report
specifies that Monica committed suicide with an alleged note yet no one has
access to it and friends and family disagree with that typical cause of death
in so many of the suspicious Clinton-related cases. At least one friend has
gone on record suspecting that Monica was murdered for uncovering yet
more damaging evidence that threatens to take down the Clinton crime
cabal.
Of course like any Mafioso boss, a trail of near three dozen dead bodies
hovers over the Clinton crime family suspected of multiple murders of both
"friends" and enemies spanning numerous decades from the early Arkansas
coke running  days to silencing DNC leaker Seth Rich  last August while
stealing her party's nomination. And now another "mysterious" hit last
month? You be the judge.
Hillary Clinton's blood lust for naked power at all cost has become her
widely accepted trademark. An FBI agent called her " the anti-Christ
personified ." Given the universal principle that like attracts like, it's a
natural fit that John Podesta was destined to become Bill Clinton's White
House Chief of Staf f and her campaign manager . More apropos in this case,
evil attracts evil. The late Andrew Breitbart pinpointed Podesta's deep
interests in child smuggling operations and lo and behold Hillary's
connections run even deeper in traf ficking defenseless kids. Pizzagate is
simply the hottest tip of a diabolically ice-cold glacier meltdown.
Democide, the systemic willful murder of innocent people by their own
government, killed an incredible six times more  humans in the last century
than all the military wars combined, and that includes world history's two
deadliest wars on record. Thus, we citizens have been our government's
expendable tar gets in the crosshairs for a very long time. Decades ago we've
been deemed "useless eaters"  by the likes of Clinton's globalist guru Henry
Kissinger , who proposed "justifiable" wholesale murder of residents in
Third World nations , and he personally saw to it during his tenured Nixon



years that over a million  Southeast Asians were murdered and thousands
more in his Chilean coup that he and other war criminals like Obama are
awarded the Nobel Peace Prize. The elite has made no bones about culling
the human herd  to just a half to under a billion people from the current 7.4
currently breathing on this planet. A secret Luciferian network has
controlled human af fairs that include the financial debtor -theft system,
endless wars, monopolized stolen ener gy resources, and a nonstop parade of
presidential puppets  and puppet controlling CFR advisors  for over a century
in America and for several in Europe.
Throughout their reign of terror known as human history , deep in shadows
beyond our view the powers-that-shouldn't-be have been freely engaging in
ritualistic human sacrifice and murder , violating in the most monstrously
vile ways our little defenseless children, all the while managing to
effectively keep their evil demonic savagery hidden from us - that is until
now! It's high time that we the people, all the decent family loving citizens
of the world, learn how our so called world leaders have betrayed us in their
incessant slaughter of the most innocent amongst us for far too long. The
Podesta-Clinton-Soros-Bush-Rockefeller -Rothschild bread crumb trail of
the ruling elite are clearly identified demonic criminals who are now naked
and terrified that we the masses are finally waking up and learning the truth
about their rotten filthy , pathologically sick lethal habits. With the truth as
our power and God as our guidance, we must bring justice and peace to this
troubled planet before these animals kill us all. A truth and reconciliation
commission must be brought forth immediately to begin of ficial
investigation holding these evildoers accountable for their genocidal sins,
so that humanity can be liberated from their absolute malignant control
once and for all. We now face both the opportunity and challenge to take
down these life, love and God hating creatures before they do us more
irreparable harm.
Pizzagate turned PedoGate Leads to Momentum
Surge in Busting Global Child Sex Trafficking
Rings
Joachim Hagopian Sott.net  Mon, 27 Feb 2017



This article will examine the current status of the so called " Pizzagate "
scandal. But from here on out this presentation will refer to it as PedoGate
for several reasons. PedoGate involves global child sex traf ficking networks
that have been operating over a lengthy period of time, far beyond the
WikiLeaks  release of the John Podesta emails  and his obsession over
"pizza," and incriminating contents found on disgraced former New York
congressman Anthony Weiner's laptop  leading up to last November's
election. PedoGate also extends far beyond the so called Comet Ping Pong
pizza parlor in Northwest DC that was last year's epicenter of alleged child
sex crime activity resulting from an intensive online investigation linking
Comet to the Podesta brothers, the Clintons, Obama and Geor ge Soros. And
though virtually every business on that entire DC block located so close to
the White House may well be (or have been) involved in a major
Washington child traf ficking sex ring based on substantive circumstantial
evidence uncovered, PedoGate addresses the growing global epidemic  of
children being abducted from their hometowns and moved across both state
and international borders for the purpose of sexual exploitation as victims
of pedophilia, pornography , Satanic ritual abuse and even sacrificial
murder .
With the internet age, 76% of pedophile sex with underage girls starts
out as online contact. Of the estimated up to 800,000 victims of human
trafficking each year , 76% are women and girls and 27% are children.



When internally traf ficked victims are included, the numbers jump to 2-4
million annually raped, beaten and tortured. Half of the worldwide
trafficked humans within a country ar e childr en. In the global
commercial sex trade, 2 million children are being exploited. Worldwide
human traf ficking has skyrocketed since 2012 with over 20.9 million
victims.
At $32 billion  a year , profit from human traf ficking has even surpassed the
total global illegal arms sales. Up to 300,000 US children are lured annually
into the commercial sex trade. Of those exploited children, 14,500 to 17,500
are traf ficked into America from other countries. The average age is 1 1-14
and the average lifespan of child traf ficking is only 7 years with death
caused by attack, abuse, overdose, HIV/STD's, malnutrition and suicide.
Clearly , sexually exploited children have reached the global crisis stage.
Just prior to the election last year psychiatrist and longtime intelligence
operative within the state department Steve Pieczenik  has stated publicly
that both Bill and Hillary Clinton are pedophiles having made multiple trips
on their buddy sex of fender Jef frey Epstein's Lolita Express to his
Caribbean sex slave island.
Epstein is the most infamous case in recent years that links the Clintons ,
Anthony Weiner and his estranged wife Huma Abedin, Hillary's longtime
aide. Multi-billionaire Jef frey Epstein was investigated in 2005  in Florida,
arrested in 2006 and convicted in 2008 of pedophilia, having to register as a
sex of fender after being convicted of having sex with underage girls. His
mansion on his private Caribbean island, Little St. James in the Virgin
Islands, has been the Lolita Express getaway destination for a number of
high profile pedophiles who "partied," engaging in sex with child slaves.
One victim said the mansion was wir ed with secr et cameras  in a number
of rooms where recorded or gies and sex with minors are filmed for
blackmailing purposes of powerful invited guests. In addition to the
Clintons and Weiners, retired Harvard law professor and attorney Alan
Dershowitz who represented Epstein and got him of f with a sweetheart deal
along with English royalty Prince Andrew and Oscar -winning actor Kevin
Spacey are all known to have traveled on Epstein's private Boeing 727 .



Veteran CIA  case of ficer and US Marine Corps intelligence of ficer Robert
David Steele maintains that Epstein  has been a Mossad agent who was set
up as a "made" financier to work on behalf of Israel to entice numerous
high profile politicians both from America and abroad to his island,
equipped with electronic monitoring in order to get the dirt on the world's
major power players for potential blackmail and subsequent control.
Department store tycoon and ultra-Zionist Leslie Wexler  took a young
Epstein under his wing as his mentor , and suddenly Jef frey Epstein went
from prep school math teacher and college dropout to owning Wexler's
Manhattan East Side mansion and managing billionaire hedge funds.
Epstein also employed media mogul- Mossad spy  Robert Maxwell's
daughter Ghislaine Maxwell as his longtime girlfriend and closest assistant.
As a Mossad agent Epstein was nearly overnight transformed mysteriously
into a billionaire owning massive amounts of real estate properties  in Palm
Beach, NYC, his "V irgin" Island, New Mexico and a Paris apartment.
By capturing on video file the world's political elite in compromising
positions as pedophiles, such pro-Israel senators as John McCain, Lindsey
Graham and Chuck Schumer are forever controllable  and beholding to the
Greater Israel  Project, committed haters of Russia and Trump, and traitors
of America . That way Congr ess and pr esidents ar e easily bought, sold
and completely owned  by the powers-that-shouldn't-be.
Additionally , an anonymous Homeland Security Department insider
explained that Israel, Mossad, the CIA  and UK's MI6 are working together
to manipulate their blackmailed puppets like the three aforementioned
politicians to so vehemently oppose Putin and Trump's desire to for ge a
partnership  to "eradicate ISIS of f the face of the earth." It's in the inter ests
of the globalists, US deep state, DC neocons, Israel and Saudi Arabia to
keep ISIS alive in order  keep their  "endless war  on terr or" going, and
continue provoking  Russia, China  and Iran  as designated cold war
enemies to trigger World War III. The destruction of the United States and
the entire Western civilization  is an integral part of their diabolical agenda
to foist a one world crime cabal tyranny on every human inhabiting the
earth. To this sinister  end, blackmailing and contr olling power  puppets
in the worldwide halls of government is an effective means to bringing
their  perversely demonic nightmar e to full fruition.



Both the DHS source  and Steele maintain that a lar ge number of major
players in Washington are pedophiles who have become tools for deep state
and the puppet masters to own and control. The DHS operative claims that
about one third of the Congress members in the two major parties are
pedophiles and Steele estimates that the over 500  internal enemies
operating within the US government are bona fide US traitors actively
conspiring to overthrow Trump.
President Trump's first choice for Labor Secretary , fast food mogul Andy
Puzder , after realizing his confirmation was highly unlikely based on the
prehearing backlash, decided to withdraw his nomination. Chief amongst a
number of personal issues is his ex-wife disclosing on Oprah Winfrey years
ago how her husband abused her . So Trump's next choice to fill the post
announced last week also comes with a load of controversial past baggage.
Alexander Acosta  happened to be the southern Florida district US attorney
from 2005 to 2009 who oversaw and agreed to the sweetheart deal given to
convicted pedophile Jef frey Epstein. And in so doing, Acosta violated the
Crimes Victims Act, never bothering to inform Epstein's victims about
letting the billionaire of f so easy . Epstein pleaded guilty to one felony count
of soliciting prostitution and another felony for procuring sex with a minor ,
serving 13 months of an 18 month sentence. Sex with teenage girls under
18 is a federal crime that normally carries a minimum sentence of ten up to
fifteen years  in prison. But once again, if you're an elitist  1%-er , you either
get of f completely or receive a mere slap on the hand issued with a standard
get-out-of-jail card.
Subsequently when the then two underage minors learned of Epstein's
ridiculously light sentence many months later , they took Epstein to federal
court char ging that their rights had been violated under the Crimes Victims
Act requiring prosecutors to inform victims of the convicted perpetrator's
plea bar gained sentence. Undoubtedly had they lawfully been looped in,
they never would have agreed to Epstein's sweetheart deal. The pedo-
billionaire was allowed a private wing at the West Palm Beach jail that
permitted him to be a free man all day long six days a week for "work"
purposes and only report back to confinement to sleep overnight. To not
have to serve time in state or federal prison for those felony sex char ges but



at a local jailhouse is equally unheard of. Signing of f on such a sweet
arrangement for a convicted pedophile, then reacting to the flak once word
got out, attorney Alexander Acosta defensively wrote in a 201 1 letter :
Our judgment in this case, based on the evidence known at the time, was
that it was better to have a billionaire serve time in jail, register as a sex
offender and pay his victims restitution than risk a trial with a reduced
likelihood of success.
So rather than risk Epstein walking after a potential yet unlikely not guilty
verdict in a federal court, Acosta opted to accept the plea bar gain deal at the
state court level that was personally authored by Epstein's famous lawyer
Alan Dershowitz . Aside from coming up with the details in a joke of a
sentence, the Epstein defense team led by Dershowitz also told Acosta to
break the law by not notifying the victimized plaintif fs about their secret
deal, so a compromised Acosta went along with his instruction from the
criminal's "dream team" and it was months afterwards that the two girls
finally did learn of the gross travesty of justice. Acosta himself described
the many months of negotiations  prior to the September 2007 non-
prosecution agreement as "a year -long assault" "more aggressive" than he
and his prosecutors ever encountered by the pit-bullish Dershowitz team
that included Kenneth Starr  (investigator of Clinton-Lewinsky fame),
hotshot Florida trial lawyer Roy Black and star attorney Gerald Lefcourt .
Another underage accuser filing suit against Epstein, Virginia Roberts
Giuffre, later also accused Dershowitz of having sex with her on board
Epstein's plane as well as on Epstein's sex slave island among the sex
offender's other stateside owned estates. With his wife, Dershowitz
admittedly has vacationed at Epstein's Florida mansion and Dershowitz's
name did also appear numerous times on the infamous air flight log  of the
Lolita Express to the Virgin Island mansion. In recent years the famous 78-
year old powerhouse attorney has scrambled to defend both his reputation
and legacy despite a defamation suit against him being dropped last year .
But his accuser and her lawyer dispute  Dershowitz's repeated denials, so a
cloud of controversial doubt still hangs over the lawyer famous for his
aggressive courtroom tactics.



Uncovering letters between Acosta's of fice and Epstein's legal defense
team, the victims' lawyers contend that a conspiracy to conceal vital
information not to prosecute took place between the government and
Epstein attorneys. And the two victims' subsequent civil suit that awards no
financial damages to them nor reopens the case for meting out any further
punishment, filed way back in 2008 has ever since been stalled in federal
court, remarkably still pending after all these years. At a hearing last
summer a federal district court judge  ruled that Epstein would be required
to testify and answer questions under oath from his victims' attorneys.
Additionally last month a new civil case  was filed against Epstein and his
fellow child sex traf fickers scheduled for a pretrial conference on March
9th, 2017. Court r ecords show that Epstein has had sex with at least 30
or mor e girls under age 18 and has been allowed to simply pay dozens  of
them of f with confidential financial out-of-court settlements. Estimates
including Epstein's teenage victims who chose to avoid legal action number
in the hundreds. But the insular systemic protection that Epstein and his
high powered friends like the Clintons have enjoyed for decades may just
be coming to an end now .
As the world recognizes pedophilia as an out of control, heinous act of the
worst kind, perhaps some form of legal justice may prevail in holding the
monsters accountable... though the injustice perpetrated on the millions of
child victims worldwide may never be resolved. Having worked as a
therapist  with sexually abused youth and adolescents for many years, the
emotional scars and damage can be permanent, depending on the age and
severity of abuse. What's even more disturbing is the fact that child
protective services (CPS) in America ar e a gr owing part of the pr oblem .
From 2008-12 the number of referrals for child protective services have
spiked by 8.3%  while overall rates of actual child abuse have dropped by
3.3%. This statistic indicates that CPS is overstepping its bounds, too often
intervening when it's not warranted.
The one government agency designed from the outset to protect children
seems to be increasingly guilty of literally snatching children from their
biological families where no abuse is occurring and criminally funneling
and selling children  for profit to a highly or ganized, well-funded black
market of worldwide child sex traf ficking rings. An extremely brave



Geor gia state legislator Nancy Schaefer  and her husband were likely
murdered in 2010 because she was exposing this diabolical system. These
worldwide networks abducting and traf ficking kids are covertly financed,
supported and protected by national governments and their court systems,
European royalty , various deep pocketed non-government or ganizations and
very prominent pedophiles lurking and embedded at the highest echelons of
global power and control.
As one example, UK entertainer Jimmy Savile  got away with raping and
pimping small children for a half century , protected by the likes of the BBC,
Prime Minister Mar garet Thatcher and the royal family . Former British
Prime Minister Edward Heath  was also a pedophile.
Over the near decade since Epstein's conviction, the truth has slowly
trickled out, exposing a dark, twisted and perverse sex slave traf ficking
network that Epstein and his bevy of co-conspirators, allegedly recruiting
child victims as sex slaves from poorer Florida neighborhoods. Incredibly ,
his trio of female procurers were all granted immunity  as the victims'
handlers traf ficking them as directed by Epstein to the sex slave island and
his other residential locations serving the pedophilia crowd from the
billionair e's black book  containing names of many high powered CEO's,
entertainers, presidents, prime ministers, royalty , judges as well as
politicians, for blackmailing purposes so that US deep state and Israel can
continue unchallenged controlling the global geopolitics chessboard.
Even President Trump apparently was a longtime close friend of Jef frey
Epstein. In a 2002 New Y ork Magazine  issue, Trump gave this glowing
report on his pedo-pal:
I've known Jef f for fifteen years. Terrific guy ... he's a lot of fun to be with. It
is even said that he likes beautiful women as much as I do, and many of
them are on the younger side. No doubt about it - Jef frey enjoys his social
life.
From this brief but rather revealing account, it sounds as though the Donald
knew back in 2002 that his longtime bud was in fact a pedophile three
whole years before he got caught.



Another bizarre twist hit Trump last April and June when yet another
alleged underage victim who went by the pseudonym Katie Johnson first
filed an April lawsuit in California that was thrown out. But then she filed
another suit a few months later in New York against both Epstein and then
presidential candidate Trump. Johnson accused Trump of raping her
repeatedly when she was only 13. One of Epstein's recruiters of underage
girls calling herself Tiffany Doe apparently claimed that there exists
corroborating evidence that Tiffany not only furnished Katie Johnson as a
barely teen aspiring model-Oklahoma runaway fetched fresh from Port
Authority to an Epstein party where Katie allegedly was raped in violent
sex roleplays by Trump at several of Epstein's New York sex parties in
1994. Of course when this latest bombshell surfaced last summer , Trump
denied raping any girl and claimed that he barely knew Jef frey Epstein.
Then just four days before Election Day , Johnson's sex suit was suddenly
dropped, allegedly because she had made up the story . Among the doubters
of course were Hillary supporters who immediately suspected that Johnson
had been secretly paid of f or that her life was threatened. At this point we
may never know the real truth.
Comment:  Yes, we may never know the real truth - but given the incredibly
high number of big lies that have been propagated about Trump in recent
months, it would seem prudent to take Trump's "association" to Epstein
with some skepticism and given Trump's social circles.
But what we do know from both media and police records, Epstein's
infamous black book contains 14 personal  phone numbers belonging to
Donald Trump, including his ex-wife Ivana and daughter Ivanka as well as
his then future wife Malania. Also records demonstrate that Trump has
made phone calls to Epstein, dined and partied at the pedophile's Florida
and Manhattan mansions, that Epstein has been a visitor at Trump's Mar -a-
Lago and that Trump has flown on Epstein's infamous plane (though unlike
Bill and Hillary , Trump's name has not surfaced yet on any known flight
logs).



Trump promised at the second presidential debate that when president, he'd
put Hillary Clinton behind bars , receiving high marks from millions of
debate scorekeepers. On another occasion, Trump  alluded to "a lot of legal
problems coming up" for Bill Clinton over his past Epstein liaisons. Yet
once winning the election, the president Trump has backed of f considerably ,
claiming that Hillary  "has been through enough" to not bother going after
her.
There can be no dispute that Donald Trump and the Clintons were both in
tight socially with the same convicted pedophile friend, and clearly ran with
the same highbrow New York crowd. Trump is also on record having
financially donated to the Clinton cause as well as taken a series of photos
together , one on a boys club golf outing  with Bill Clinton that included
former "Big Apple" mayors Rudy Giuliani and Michael Bloomber g, as well
as other family album pics with the Trumps and Bill Clinton arm and arm
and the Donald yukking it up with the Clintons looking like they're best of
friends  together . So if President Trump suddenly becomes overwhelmed
with compassion and pity towards Hillary that "prevents" him from further
investigating the Clintons' shady , murderously treasonous, pedophile past,
of course that only will raise more suspicions that "birds of a feather flock
together ." Also perhaps his most popular and appealing campaign promise,
to "drain the swamp," will be completely shot to pieces if he lets the Clinton
crime cabal of f the hook, becoming more than convincing evidence that he
too is cut from the same criminal cabal cloth. Trump loyalists will be hard
put to defend their president if he fails to hold the Clintons accountable.
And now in a very much related matter , Trump is apparently rewarding the
former US attorney who let the Clintons' and Trump's longtime pedo-friend
off the hook as Trump's latest choice for US Labor Secretary . This move
certainly will not help Trump's cause, at either draining the swamp or
distancing himself from that same global pedophile sex ring cabal.
Always insightful investigative journalist Wayne Madsen  offers a great idea
on how Trump can begin draining that swamp:



Trump should start his anti-traf ficking campaign by seizing Jef frey
Epstein's planes and Little St James Island. But then, Jef f may release the
pics, audio & video of the Wexner mansion from 1994.
The following fact speaks volumes: just hours after National Security
Advisor Michael Flynn's forced resignation, a gloating Hillary tweeted a
Happy Valentine's Day message revealing that Flynn got canned for getting
too close to the Pizzagate "fake news"  scandal. It was her coup d e grace on
Trump for his apparently feeble attempt to normalize relations with Putin as
Trump that same day waved his white flag also on Twitter demanding that
Putin get out of Crimea . Does this mean Trump's vow to drain the Clinton-
owned swamp and avoid World War III against nuclear powered Russia
were mere empty word campaign promises simply to get himself elected?
Similar to Obama's false promise to be the most open  and transparent
president in US history? Only time will tell.
Then when added to this mix the highly credible, former CIA  source Robert
David Steele's recent disclosure that Flynn had acquired an FBI pedophile
list of top DC politicians, immediately Flynn's firing makes much more
sense. Steele maintains that one of the names on that pedo-list happens to
be Vice President Mike Pence's "best friend." It was falsely reported in
fake-stream press  that Flynn withheld information from Pence about
Russian sanctions, but instead he withheld info about PedoGate and an FBI
list Flynn had in his possession tar geting high profile of fenders from both
the Republican and Democratic parties that includes Pence's best friend.
Deep state CIA/NSA  sources sympathetic to Clinton and Obama had
illegally recorded  and leaked Flynn's late December ambassador
conversation(s) to the Washington Post . But Pence grew upset when he
found out that Flynn had failed to mention to him that the security advisor
had shared with the Russian diplomat his and the FBI's plan to take down
top name Capitol Hill pedophiles.
Robert David Steele also revealed that in certain select restaurants in
Washington DC and Saudi Arabia that a member of the elite pedophile club
"can order children  off the menu," implicating a high powered international
child sex traf ficking ring operating between major players in both the US
and Saudi governments. Movement of traf ficked children from the US and



around the globe suddenly become child victims in a system where the US
State Department is complicit in a steady flow of abducted children bought
and flown in to be used as sex slaves by powerful sick high-end rollers that
are oil-rich sheiks and princes. Saudi princes are the worst culprits due to
the wide acceptance of sex with young children as their privileged right .
Under diplomatic immunity many foreign based traf ficking rings operating
in the US remain of f limits to both parents and law enforcement.
Hundreds if not thousands of innocent American kids in recent years have
been lured abroad by modeling or acting opportunities. Most children are
snatched up by stateside child traf ficking procurers, often drugged and
rapidly transported and forced into a life of sexual slavery  inside terrorist
supporting Gulf State monarchies that not only include the House of Saud
but also United Arab Emirates, Qatar and Kuwait, all having direct links to
the Clintons . Hillary accepted Clinton Foundation money from them
knowing the Gulf States were the chief financiers  of ISIS that she and
Obama created. In fact, 20% of Hillary's pay-to-buy-her presidency was
supplied by Saudi Arabian money alone. Her notorious pay-to-play arms
trade deals while Obama's Secretary of State are well documented. So are
international drug traf ficking and money laundering by the Bush-Clinton
crime cartel.
But the Bush and Clintons' lesser known illicit enterprises continue to be
human trafficking  of children as sex slaves. Recall Geor ge senior's tainted
White House with " midnight tours " for young boys from Nebraska's Boys
Town in the horrific Franklin scandal  of the late 1980's, excellently
documented in the film " Conspiracy of Silence " that was suddenly pulled
from viewing on the Discovery Channel . It's also important to mention in
recent years that the US has supported ISIS in both its human sex
trafficking, arms traf ficking as well as human organ traf ficking  with prime
suspect Israel  as the controlling hub.
Though Middle Eastern Gulf States may be a primary perpetrator
destination for the child sex traf ficking trade, the guilty parties amongst
Gulf State royalty and wealthy families are still a relative minority . It's also
important to note that they are not alone in the heinous human traf ficking
industry . For example, the Eastern European nation Romania made up 40%



of the exported human traf ficking victims in Europe tracked by Europol
from 2009 to 2013. Additionally , the US led NA TO-UN peacekeeping
forces deployed during the balkanizing aftermath of war  in the former
Yugoslavian Republic, overnight cr eated organized crime that pr ofited
from trafficking  women and underage girls for the commercial sex trade.
In 2015 the UK saw a 40% increase  in human traf ficking from the year
prior with nearly 20% coming from Albania.
Also the tiny oil-rich Asian nation of Brunei (5th richest in the world) is also
infamous for importing enslaved female child sex victims from the United
States. The younger brother of a Brunei sultan, Prince Jefri Bolkiah, has
made it his harem habit plucking up young beauties from America and
Europe. Former Miss USA  Shannon Marketic  was fortunate enough to
escape from her Brunei prince's enslavement comprised mostly of underage
girls, but lost her $10 million lawsuit to diplomatic immunity .
Again, sex trafficking is a global pr oblem with the most active
movement  of abducted victims from poor and violent Third World countries
to more af fluent Western destinations.  For example, war torn Syria and
Yemen possess lar ge preyed upon source populations. Algeria and Libya are
slave transit countries and Sub Saharan Africa are also exploited for slaves.
Thailand is among the worst nations for human traf ficking as a sex trade
source, destination and transit location. The Marshall Islands are a source
for sex slaves servicing the fishing trade. The poor "hermit" nation North
Korea also acts as a source for human traf ficking, some sold to China and
Siberia by their own government. As geographic gateways to Western
Europe, sex traf ficking in Moldova  and Ukraine  are source nations and
Belarus and Russia are prone to serving as both source and transit nations.
Per capita, Europe has the dubious distinction of having the highest level of
sexual slavery in the world, although in pure numbers Asia does.
Perpetrators and accomplices including both US federal government
agencies as well as their US private contractors are both notorious for their
criminal involvement, with DynCorp  and Halliburton  amongst the worst
contractor of fenders operating overseas. Protected by management,
DynCorp  employees in Bosnia bought and sold underage girls as sex slaves.
Raping of underage  victims with impunity by both US military as well as



US civilian personnel in foreign nations is commonplace. With equal
impunity , UN peacekeeping  forces also regularly engage in sexual
misconduct with young girls, in 21 dif ferent nations in 2015 alone. Even
Wall Street's lar gest bank Goldman Sachs  was caught investing in a media
company running a sex traf ficking forum.
Since Pizzagate broke late last fall, a couple of the more noteworthy
developments involving individuals connected to PedoGate are the recent
search warrants  issued for New Hampshire Democrat Alderman and State
Representative Thomas Katsiontonis' home and two of his pizza businesses.
Not surprisingly Katsiontonis has ties to both Hillary and Obama. Also
infamous pedophile and former Penn State Coach Jerry Sandusky's adopted
and no doubt sexually abused son was arrested  on pedo-char ges. Curr ently
America's law enfor cement is deploying a strategy of arr esting the little
fish that feed at the swampy bottom of the pr edator  pond acting as
recruiters of child victims supplied to the bigger  fish pr edators at the
top of the food chain like the Clintons. As the little fish squeal the beans
for lighter  sentences, the bigger  fish will fry . Ultimately the best means of
most rapidly arriving at the full truth is through setting up truth and
reconciliation commissions.
Perhaps rounding up the little fish explains multiple international police
actions recently making an unprecedented number of busts of lar ge
trafficking rings just since Pizzagate broke late last year . A recent
ZeroHedge article  details the chronology of major arrests  involving various
sex traf ficking networks across America just since Trump took of fice,
which already has doubled the total for the entire year in 2014 . With the
Epstein case a rare exception, until just recently police of ficers who've
devoted their entire careers investigating and cracking pedophile cases have
consistently been stopped short of making arrests beyond the lowest levels
before their higher -ups in metropolitan, state and federal law enforcement
agencies prohibited further pursuit  of predators at the top rungs of the
pedophile power pyramid.
So far those who are part of the elite that have engaged regularly in
pedophilia for literally centuries have been protected by police, high courts
and governments, immune from prosecution with very few exceptions.



Aside from Epstein, another rare exception is the longest running GOP
House Speaker Dennis Hastert  who to this day is still friends with the
Podesta brothers. Though due to expired statute of limitations, since April
last year Hastert is doing 15 months in prison for violating banking laws,
withdrawing $1.7 million as attempted hush money to pay of f a pedophile
victim and then lying to the FBI. Since then a number of Hastert's victims
have come forth. Fortunately for humanity , it appears that the age-old
protection of sexual predators acting out their evil pathology at the very top
levels of power may finally be coming to a close we hope.
Three weeks ago an alleged FBI insider implicated such household names
as Senators  John McCain, Lindsey Graham, Tim Kaine, Chuck Schumer
and House minority leader Nancy Pelosi as suspected pedophiles soon to be
arrested after Attorney General Jef f Sessions signed their arrest warrants. 30
highly known politicians and 40 other suspects involved in the Washington-
Virginia-New York City areas that are part of the child traf ficking pedo ring
will allegedly be arrested.
As public awareness of the growing pedophilia networks increases as an
international epidemic, movement by the mainstream media, deranged head
shrinks  and its controllers have quietly been pushing to acclimate ,
normalize  and ultimately legalize  pedophilia. An example is a New Y ork
Times article  that makes the twisted ar gument that pedophilia is a mere
illness and not a crime. Mass media thr ough the entertainment and mass
advertising industries satanically handled by infested Hollywood
pedophiles in high places, have sought to brainwash the global population
into accepting pedophilia as a mere life choice or sexual orientation . This
demented push in mainstream mass media is a well-or ganized, well-funded,
insidiously unfolding propaganda scheme to destroy our values and
morality as well as an overt assault on families, religions and national
sovereignty , the same centuries held objectives of powerful evil secret
societies like the Illuminati  and Freemasons.
Yet another disturbing facet of the PedoGate story and its related scandals is
the horrific fate of journalists  and whistleblowers who have boldly
attempted to expose the sinister truth. A long list of these courageous heroes
have paid the ultimate price in America and around the world for simply



telling the truth. The "suicided" murder of journalist Gary Webb for
uncovering the Iran Contra af fair that pumped tons of cocaine into
America's ghettos and barrios in the 1980's was run by VP daddy Bush
using his CIA  foot soldiers in their war on drugs and minorities for black
ops profit. To further decimate the African American community , his
successor Bill Clinton and his 1994 Crime Bill  needlessly filled up prisons
with nonviolent drug of fending persons of color , and allocating near $10
billion  for private prison construction and keeping the feds' drug war
flourishing. After all as governor , the Clintons had profiteered generously
and politically from running HW's operations out of the Mena  airport as the
US cocaine distributor during the 1980's.
Investigative reporter Danny Casolaro  stumbled upon the Clintons Mena
drug connection under the first Bush regime and while writing a book
exposing the Bush-Clinton crime cartel, he was suddenly found dead in a
West Virginia hotel room in August 1991 with both his wrists deeply
slashed. The evidence he'd compiled in his writing was missing from the
crime scene and the fatal cuts made it impossible for his second wrist to be
self-inflicted. As two truth telling journalists Webb and Casolar o lost
their  lives fr om efforts to expose the Bush-Clinton cabal that with CIA
involvement contr olled illegal drug and arms running that in turn
contributed to the enormous covert black ops budget . Since the Vietnam
War the CIA  has remained as much or more in control over our planet's
drug smuggling operations than so called or ganized crime cartels.
Thirty-three tear old journalist Michael Hastings  died in June 2012 after his
late model Mercedes Benz was more than likely electronically remote
controlled to speed up to 100 MPH in the streets of Los Angeles prior to it
exploding, its engine thrown 100 feet away  from where the charred
blackened vehicle remains ended up having nothing to do with impact
collision with any object or tree. That same day Hastings had told friends
his car was behaving strangely and he felt he was being investigated by the
FBI, which was true on both accounts. The Rolling Stone  reporter had
written articles that boldly exposed and ruined one general's career in
Stanley McChrystal and slammed another in a David Petraeus critique of
his failed Afghanistan sur ge. Hastings was very likely tar geted by CIA
director John Brennan who according to the intel site Stratfor had an axe to



grind against journalists, especially ones like Michael Hastings who was
working on an expose to uncover deep state's rampant criminality operating
with total impunity around the world.
Less than a year after Hastings' death, Andrew Breitbart , founder of his own
news agency , was most likely murdered after calling John Podesta a
pedophile and exposing the Clinton child traf ficking ring. Then last year
while in Warsaw to speak at a conspiracy theory conference, 39-year old
British Ufologist Max Spiers  died mysteriously after vomiting two liters of
black fluid. Several days earlier , from Poland he texted his mother saying,
"If anything happens to me, investigate." After searching for answers, his
mother suspects he was murdered by a satanic cult  that had pumped lethal
drugs into him.
Within a few days after Hillary lost her election, young journalist Monica
Petersen  was mysteriously found dead in Haiti. Monica had been working
on unraveling the Clinton Foundation's raping of Haiti  for billions of
dollars' worth, focusing on the goldmining operation given to Hillary's
brother and its nexus with Haitian child traf ficking. The journalist's family
and friends in the US were kept completely in the dark regarding the bizarre
circumstances and cause of her death. What immediately comes to mind is
the long trail of fallen corpses  over the past many decades left in the wake
of the Clintons' rise and fall. Another fatality was Democratic Party insider
Seth Rich  who was murdered last June for likely leaking DNC emails to
WikiLeaks. Less than a month after lead attorney Shawn Lucas  served
notice to the DNC for fraud on behalf of Bernie Sanders supporters, he
wound up mysteriously dead in early August last year .
On January 17th television news journalist Ben Swann had the balls to run a
7-minute segment featuring the Pizzagate story on his Atlanta CBS af filiate
station succinctly capsulizing the strange circumstantial evidence. At the
end Swann asks other than internet media why isn't there a thorough, much
needed police investigation as a follow-up. As the first and likely only
mainstream media news anchor to date to at least seriously cover Pizzagate
without the typical fake news condescension, Swann then disappeared  from
his CBS job along with his suddenly closed Twitter and Facebook accounts
(that had near a half million followers ) with only his cryptic message



"going dark" on February 1st as his last post. With even his Truth in Media
website down, Swann is raising speculation  that deep state is silencing yet
another media truth teller .
Award winning author and journalist Liz Crokin  has resorted to posting a
YouTube video  to let the world know she is not suicidal in case something
foul comes her way after being bruised and roughed up for likely writing a
story about how Hillary Clinton swindled thousands from some of her
poorest donors by continually char ging them for funds they never
authorized. As an advocate for sexual assault victims and a victim herself,
she is among the few journalists with the courage to take on PedoGate
having recently connected with two government whistleblowers.
Clearly heavy risks abound in exposing the dark truth about the planetary
controllers. Those of us who seek the truth that will help bring down the
evildoers in char ge have welcomed Donald Trump's promise to "drain the
swamp." Now that he occupies a turbulent White House being attacked
from all sides by formidable opposition forces bent on destroying  his
presidency , it remains to be seen if he will survive much less follow through
on his campaign promise to pur ge the scour ge that's long been embedded in
the Washington machine. Though we have only just begun to see the
earliest results of what appears to be a concerted worldwide law
enforcement  effort to rid the global child sex traf ficking rings that have
reached epidemic proportions, humanity's best chance of saving our
children is to clean house by bringing to justice the elite's grip that's
controlled the pedophile networks for so long. Spreading awareness of
what's at stake here is a must if we are ever to remove the powers-that-
shouldn't-be from destroying our world, beginning with eradicating
pedophilia of f the face of the earth.
PedoGate Update: The Global Elite's Pedophile
Empire is Crumbling - But Will it Ever Crash?
Joachim Hagopian Sott.net  Tue, 21 Mar 2017



Since the internet bombshell launched by WikiLeaks ' release of John
Podesta emails  and the uncovered Comet Pizza's bizarre and suspicious
activities leading to last fall's Pizzagate scandal , and the simultaneous
reporting of unprecedented  number of arrests made in child sex traf ficking
rings worldwide, clearly demonstrate that law enforcement is finally
treating the global epidemic seriously . Yet the systematic kidnapping,
torturing and raping of children by highly or ganized traf ficking rings have
barely if at all even scratched the surface of mainstream media coverage ,
which has chosen to act as a complicit accomplice and partner -in-crime in
the unholiest of alliances with the child rapists themselves, consistently
ignoring child sex traf ficking rings being operated by powerful members of
the world's elite ruling class.
A prime example is the state owned BBC  that knew for a number of
decades that entertainer Jimmy Savile was raping hundreds if not thousands
of defenseless, innocent children throughout the United Kingdom, and said
and did absolutely nothing to stop it other than punish  and silence those few
who came forth trying to expose the evil. Johnny Rotten of the Sex Pistols
was banned by the BBC after he spoke up and once the 37-year old TV
presenter Jill Dando  called attention to the known pedophilia abuse at the
BBC, she was abruptly murdered outside her West London home in April



1999.
And now we're facing the exact same sort of criminal cover -up and
retribution in America with the Pizzagate turned PedoGate  scandal, as more
children are sacrificed in the interest of protecting the guilty pedophiles.
Again, the Podesta-Clinton connected Pizzagate is but one local DC
trafficking network exposed, but PedoGate represents the far global reach
of all the child sex traf ficking rings that flourish worldwide. And why
mainstream media continues to ignore and pretend that this pure evil
savagery isn't happening anywhere is pure diabolical criminality in and of
itself, especially when this epidemic has grown so egregiously out of
control that human traf ficking as modern day slavery hit a record high in
2016 . Last year's 7,572 cases  of human traf ficking jumped by 35% over the
previous year . The UN estimates 1.8 million  kids are traf ficked into the
global sex trade every year . We've received our collective wake-up call.
Despite these cold hard monstrous facts, America's lame stream media
continues to suppress and protect demented sexual predators at the highest
rungs of power , by its longstanding wall of denial, ridicule and even
assassination  toward those courageous truth seekers, whistleblowers  and
journalists contending that the planet's pedophilia scandal is every bit real.
Despite CBS Atlanta af filiate news anchor Ben Swann  featuring a fair and
accurate six minute synopsis on Pizzagate in January , and then suddenly
losing his job and his online presence silenced with Ben's own "going dark"
admission for weeks afterwards, MSM can no longer sweep the
inconvenient truth under the rug of denial and deception. We won't allow it.
No longer will the elite's despicable pedophile history be tolerated, enabling
child rapists like Jimmy Savile to violate and pimp British children for an
entire half century , nor will President Geor ge H. W. Bush's criminal role  in
the Franklin scandal  cover -up be dismissed, nor last year's exposure of
disgraced congressional kingpin - former GOP  Speaker of the House and
pedophile just two heartbeats away from US presidency Dennis Hastert .
Eight US attorneys were fired by President Geor ge W. Bush in December
2006 in order to protect convicted lobbyist Jack Abramof f's sex ring , busily
pimping traf ficked in children, homosexual and lesbian prostitutes to high
government of ficials and elite media figures at the DC Hilton, Ritz Carlton



and Sheraton hotels. For decades pedophilia has thrived in our infested
swamp of a capital.
For over  a half century the global intelligence community like the CIA,
Mossad and MI6 has in fact functioned as pedophilia pimps  for the rich
and powerful, supplying them with child victims from poor communities,
orphanages and group homes around the world, joining the sins of the
chur ch in destroying countless young people's lives and then covering them
up. The heartrending video account by the Hampstead  9-year old sister and
her 8-year old brother of satanic ritualized sexual abuse and sacrificial
murder drew little response from local UK police other than place the
innocent mother in jail. This case typifies how the very agencies mandated
to investigate and protect children instead become conduit layers to cover -
up and protect the child rapists.
Until just r ecently global law enfor cement as simply standard
operating pr ocedur e protected the powerful in this world, historically
turning a blind eye, abruptly suspending and ceasing every
investigation when child molesting perpetrators  happen to be presidents ,
prime ministers , congr essional  and parliament  members, high court
judges , top spies , military brass , cabinet of ficials, famous entertainers ,
royalty , prominent CEO's  and police chiefs , head detectives  and police
commissioners . But all that may well be changing now .
That said, a just released critique of the FBI's longstanding Operation Cross
Country  (OCC) launched in 2008 that's designed to save children from
pedophiliac rape only marks a return to its J Edgar Hoover roots as a mere
vice squad primarily out to gain federal funding and favorable publicity
based on questionable scant results that render the operation not worth the
hefty price tag. Also it siphons off monies fr om pr ograms set aside for
true minors while mor e often than not services young adults. Actual
innocent pr epubescents abducted, for ced into the booming sex trade
and trafficked acr oss international and state borders ar e few and far
between, as the flawed FBI operations fail to even r each the major
pedophilia rings . Additionally , the punitive treatment of mostly older
adolescents and young adults (median age 17) caught up in these FBI stings
are still subject to prostitution and loitering arrests, placed in handcuf fs,



regularly interrogated and confined for days or weeks at a time, while
whatever sketchy , piecemeal services they do manage to receive grossly fail
to meet the multiple needs that this tar geted population sorely could benefit
from, specifically basic shelter , safety , social support and love.
Three weeks ago President Trump held a meeting  with advocates from
various anti-human traf ficking or ganizations when he reiterated committing
his Justice Department, Homeland Security and federal law enforcement
agencies to aggressively move forward with both investigation as well as
prosecution of child sex traf ficking networks worldwide. Long before
Trump's initial press conference a month ago, promising to make busting
human traf ficking rings among his top priorities, back on October 8th, 2012
the future president tweeted :
Got to do something about these missing children grabbed by the perverts.
Too many incidents - fast trial, death penalty .
In response, this unpr ecedented action by a US pr esident to openly vow
to remove the scourge of worldwide pedophilia has thousands of
powerful psychopathic child rapists desperately waging an all-out siege
to get rid of Trump befor e he gets rid of them.  This high stakes war
easily explains why all the alleged biggest sex offenders  - John McCain,
Lindsey Graham, Chuck Schumer , Tim Kaine, Diane Feinstein and Nancy
Pelosi among scores of others are Trump's most venomous, vicious and
loudest enemies now . Deep state, Obama and Soros' American Spring  is
bent on removing Trump from of fice.
We can readily point to the little fish caught in the big pond, Democratic
and Republican  politicians and party staf fers alike who've been busted
engaging in pedophilia in recent years, like John McCain's former campaign
organizer . Or the recent arrest of Penn State Coach Jerry Sandusky's no
doubt abused, adopted son  pedophile who recruited child victims. But until
the pr edators at the top of the pedo-food chain ar e summarily r ounded
up and indicted, skeptics will keep r eminding us "I told you so," and
the vast majority of nonbelieving Americans will not face this cold hard
reality , regardless of how sever e the global epidemic caused by the
sexual criminals at the top of the world's power  pyramid r eally is.  As a



direct consequence of the continued cover -up and lack of pending arrests,
an upcoming march  on Washington DC's Lafayette Park to raise public
awareness of the PedoGate scandal is scheduled for March 25th at 11AM
EDT.
One longtime thorn in the PedoGate saga is pedophile bigwig billionaire
Jeffrey Epstein , due to ongoing multiple lawsuits against him that simply
won't go away . Within the last decade we've learned that the Wall Street
financier and registered sex of fender has also been a Mossad agent  - a
planted mole for  Israel , who for years enticed high profile powerbrokers
to his Virgin Island Sex Slave mansion and his other estates in Palm Beach,
New York City and New Mexico, specifically to catch on hidden camera
fellow pedophiles in action, so that they and their  careers could easily
be blackmailed, manipulated and contr olled . This pathetically shocking
reality , seeking the lowest dirt on others as a precious commodity and
insurance lifesaver , is how the game at the top is ruthlessly played, and
it's worked wonders for  the Greater  Israel Pr oject , wielding power and
control over the US Empire to fight Israel's wars in the Middle East and
permit the Jewish State to engage in nonstop systematic genocide  against
Palestinians with impunity .
As far back as the late 1700's, Illuminati founder Adam Weishaupt  laid the
groundwork of the Modus Operandi religiously followed to the T over the
next several centuries, dictating how this demonic power game at the top is
covertly executed:
Use monetary and sex bribery to obtain control of people already occupying
positions in high places in the various levels of all governments and other
fields of endeavor . Once an influential person has fallen for the lies, deceits,
and temptations of the Illuminati, they are to be held in bondage by
application of political and other forms of blackmail, threats of financial
ruin, public exposure, and physical harm, and even death to themselves and
their loved ones.
As an obedient disciple of the Satanic occult, disgraced convicted pedophile
Jeffrey Epstein, his gal pal socialite Ghislaine Maxwell and Israel have
ensnared scores of ambitiously powerful fool-tools into their dark blackmail



web, forever more obediently deployed to do the international crime cabal's
dirty bidding. Ghislaine is the daughter of another controversial Mossad
agent, former British MP  and media mogul Robert Maxwell , who in 1991
was likely murdered aboard his yacht in the Canary Islands.
It's worth noting that pedophilia  as a mental disorder is found almost
exclusively in males, relating to adult sexual attraction in the form of
fantasies, sexual ur ges and/or arousal towards prepubescent children usually
younger than age 14, male or female. A related crime disorder is pederasty ,
which is the erotic homosexual relationship between an adult male and a
pubescent or adolescent male. When acted out through sexual behavior
directed upon a child victim, like most forms of sexually deviant
psychopathology , it's rarely a onetime deal. Similar to serial rapists of adult
victims, pedophiles will most often succumb to uncontrollable compulsions
and continue molesting children until they're ultimately caught. With a
notoriously high recidivism  rate, androgen deprivation therapy is known to
lower the testosterone level that in turn reduces a pedophile's sex drive.
OCD antidepressants are also prescribed with less side ef fects. Pedophilia is
difficult to ef fectively treat through conventional talk therapy though the
cognitive  behavioral modality is the most common treatment. Pedophilia is
also amongst the most under -reported sex crimes of all, as only 1-10%
of actual incidents of pedophilia ar e ever  disclosed, much less the
offender  caught, convicted and imprisoned.
Whereas only 1-5%  of the general population is estimated to molest
children, in stark contrast, a projected one third  of those employed at the
highest levels of the federal government are believed to be out-and-out
child rapists. This alarmingly high number goes far in explaining why
there's so much formidable opposition and pushback currently against
Trump, coming from both political parties inside deep state, so overtly
attempting to overthrow the sitting US president. The entir e crime cabal
government stands to be destr oyed if Trump successfully follows
through on his campaign pr omise to "drain the [pedophilia-infested]
swamp ." The big question is whether Trump himself has been
compromised . He too was in tight and ran with Epstein back in the day ...
and up till a couple days prior to last November's election, he had a lawsuit



and rape char ge hanging over his head as well from an alleged underage
victim who at the last minute decided to withdraw her case.
Comment:  It is likely that this last lawsuit mentioned (against Trump) was
an opportunistic attempt to extract money from him and tar his image
further .
Much has been written about the Clinton's traveling on Epstein's Boeing
727 dubbed the "Lolita Express" (Bill listed on the flight log at least 26
times  and Hillary at least 6 ), both together but more often separately , to
their pedophile buddy's Sex Slave Island. Donald Trump as well is listed as
a witness  for Epstein's upcoming civil suit trial brought by two of Epstein's
victims filed nearly eight years ago. Apparently it's on record that Donald
Trump was also at one time a close friend  and guest  at Jef frey Epstein's
homes on St. James Island, Palm Beach and New York City during a time
when underage girls were molested, plus, per a 2009 af fidavit from
Epstein's brother Mark , the current president also rode on his pedo-pal's
Lolita Express at least once.
Additionally , the only reason today's civil case was initiated was because
Trump's current nominee for Labor Secretary , Alexander Acosta, acting as
the lead prosecutor at the time, secretly agreed to the original sweetheart
deal with Alan Dershowitz (another Lolita Express frequent flyer) and
Epstein's defense team without bothering to inform the two victims, a clear
violation of the Victims Crime Act. Democratic senators intend to grill
Acosta at his confirmation hearing over his legal baggage that was set to
begin this week but postponed  till the end of the month. Acosta allowed the
Epstein case to stay at the state level, resulting in a 13-month, get-out-of-
jail card six days a week from his private wing at the local Palm Beach
jailhouse where the child rapist was allowed to leave all day long, instead of
his federal crimes raping perhaps hundreds of girls 13-17 that carry a
standard 10 years to life  sentence. Acosta's central r ole in this flagrant
travesty of justice makes him a r emarkably odd and definitely wr ong
Trump choice (to say the least) to oversee and pr otect America's labor



force, both legal and illegal . Illicitly forced labor in the US, epitomized by
today's rising epidemic of sexual slavery and child sex traf ficking, renders
Trump's selected Labor Secretary holding such a shameful track record that
he's the last person on earth who should be in char ge of America's labor
rights.
During the last week of January 2017 another "Jane Doe," this one # 43,
stepped forward to slap yet another federal lawsuit against Jef frey Epstein,
Ghislaine Maxwell and her two other female accomplices, filing evidence
in a New York City district court that they lured and then forced the
underage girl into sexual slavery based on Epstein's broken promise that he
would use his connections and wealth to get her into college.
Meanwhile, there's also Virginia Roberts-Giuf fre's pending lawsuit, also
filed in New York City against Epstein's former girlfriend Maxwell as
Giuffre's alleged sex slave handler after accusations that then Virginia
Roberts was raped by Prince Andrew . In all three lawsuits under oath
Epstein will be forced to once again take the stand during cross
examinations by the victims' attorneys. More lurid evidence is bound to
surface on his elaborate child sex traf ficking network operating throughout
the 1990's up until his 2005 arrest, including the Clintons' pedo-traf ficking
involvement along with scores of other "compromised" members of the
elite.
Much of this ongoing Epstein dark saga has been meticulously chronicled
by one central pedophile player , disgraced former Congressman Anthony
Weiner . After being implicated last year in a child pornography case
attempting to solicit nude photos from a North Carolina minor , NYPD
Victims Unit discovered a smoking gun trove of hardcore pedophilia
evidence inside Weiner's confiscated laptop containing over 650,000 emails ,
and dozens of files one labeled "life insurance." A NY police chief stated
the police found one photo depicting Hillary's twenty year plus employed
aide, lesbian lover , suspected Saudi intelligence  operative and Weiner's
estranged wife Huma Abedin and Hillary caught in a sexually
compromising pose with an underage girl. The New York police turned
their findings over to the FBI last October , which pressured Director James
Comey  to reopen the criminal investigation against Hillary a week and a



half prior to the presidential election, no doubt playing a significant factor
in causing her defeat.
Meanwhile in recent months since then, desperate to avoid becoming a
jailbird, Anthony Weiner has taken to singing like a songbird . The initial
claims from FBI insiders a month and a half ago disclosing that newly
confirmed Attorney General Jef f Sessions would be signing scores of arrest
warrants, including all those aforementioned politicians, has not yet
occurred because Weiner's allegedly been providing the FBI with more than
enough convictable evidence in exchange for not being char ged with a sex
crime himself. Thus, Weiner's full disclosure is causing the delay in the
pending high profile arrests.
In a related side development, in early February The Globe  reported that
aware of these "soon to happen" arrests, Hillary Clinton was caught
attempting to flee the United States on a flight to Bahrain  as the Gulf State
nation holds no extradition laws with America. Also seeking leniency ,
fellow perp Bill Clinton has apparently chosen to sing Weiner's tune,
turning against his wife as well. This dubious pair of serial sex of fender
politician husbands score miserably low on loyalty and selfishly high on
saving their own ass.
Comment:  Interesting (though not surprising) if true!
In a Henry Makow article  posted a month ago, Henry assesses the Trump
administration, questioning whether it too might be "infested with
pedophiles." Makow refers to now deceased videographer Tory Smith who
he believes correctly asserted:
Child Protective Agencies, Immigration & Customs Enforcement, the
Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency and the CIA  are running a
massive child traf ficking network [that] is credible. He says there are 39
Military Intelligence Laboratories (Milabs)  operated by DARP A and the



CIA, connected with child traf ficking. This is consistent with what Carolyn
Hamlett  reported on this [Henry Makow's] website in 2012.
Tory Smith openly accused Vice President Mike Pence  of being "a
pedophile and child murderer ," and that Pence was the globalist system's
running mate choice foisted on Trump not unlike Reagan's required VP was
Bush senior . General Michael Flynn lost his National Security Advisor job
after only 24 days because Flynn was determined to take down the
pedophile cabal, and among the politicians on the FBI arrest list that Flynn
had acquired was Pence's best friend. Pence and the deep state ousted
Flynn . Speculation exists over whether Pence may have been responsible
for Tory Smith's death for exposing Pence's child sex traf ficking.
Comment:  Henry Makow is quite often so far in the Twilight Zone, that it
would be best to take this information with a heaping grain of salt. Still,
there is at least some consistency with everything else we've heard about
Government agencies being such huge consumers of porn, and being
involved at some high level with sex traf ficking.
To get an idea how pervasive and sinister these child sex traf ficking rings
are, the very governmental agency designed to protect children in America -
child protective services (CPS) - mandated to operate in every county
throughout the nation in char ge of overseeing both the child welfare and
foster care system, has actually been caught r epeatedly funnelling
children  into the demonic sex slave traf ficking rings for enormous financial
profit no less . It's a global problem as a child welfare of ficer in India  was
just arrested for selling children into a traf ficking ring. All 28 children who
were sex crime traf ficking victims rescued last month in California's lar gest
trafficking bust in state history were being "cared for"  by various county
children and family services. In one Arizona study 1 in 8  children in CPS
placements are sexually abused. The statistics across the nation are highly
disturbing. After  Georgia State Senator  Nancy Schaefer  heroically
exposed countless cases of nationwide CPS kidnapping, drugging and
supplying children to traf ficking rings for additional revenue of up to



$140,000 per child, in 2010 she and her husband were likely murdered for
bringing this heinous crime increasingly to public attention.
As a longtime licensed therapist butting heads on behalf of my child clients
against this nation's lar gest county CPS, LA  County Department of Children
and Family Services (DCFS)  and LA  County Children's Court judges, I can
attest firsthand to the severe abuse perpetrated on America's youth placed
under governmental authoritarian "care." The county service care- to-child
sex traf ficking pipeline is often supplied directly by CPS, foster parents,
group homes, kidnapped by both personnel operating within the child
welfare system as well as criminals operating outside the system.
Trafficking rings have received a steady flow of child victims as runaways
at local bus stations, homeless street youth exploited by predators and
pimps for profit who snatch them into the child sex industry , frequently
using them to recruit  their peers from nearby group homes. Kids' average
age entering this dark criminal world as horribly exploited child sex
workers is only twelve years old. But once in, their average life expectancy
is only seven years, which means as many youth never even reach young
adulthood prior to being murdered, beaten, tortured, starved or diseased to
death.
A far greater volume of child sex slaves  is more easily procured in war torn
nations around the globe. Like international drug smuggling, the CIA
predatorily contr ols the global child sex trafficking trade as well.
Historically the UN "peacekeeping" forces and private US contractors like
DynCorp have also been notorious in buying and selling child sex slaves
from CIA  run global traf ficking rings. It's actually legal to sell children in
nations like Pakistan and Thailand  where it's a $1 billion business. 8
million children end up missing in the world every year . In the US 800,000
go missing. These numbers are staggering and each year they're only
growing worse. Well or ganized multi-billion dollar crime syndicates operate
massive interlocking traf ficking rings globally . We can no longer af ford to
simply deny reality . We must learn and understand the problem more.
A pattern of a symbiotic connection exists between those who work closely
with children, like CPS frequently in the role of ostensibly protecting them,



and the sex traf ficking networks that horrifically abuse them. That's why
those very professions entrusted to care for and protect children all too
often are the first line of abusers since they're in regular daily contact with
young people - schoolteachers, coaches, priests, social workers, health care
workers, child protection agencies and police of ficers to name a few .
An illustration of this dynamic can be found in the Pizzagate  story . Located
on the same Northwest Washington DC block as the so called "family
friendly" Comet Ping Pong, the Pizzagate epicenter a short distance from
the White House, lie several other restaurants with business logos (identical
to FBI listed  symbols) linked to pedophilia. Located just three doors down
from Comet, another pizzeria, Besta Pizza , complete with the "boy love"
logo, happens to be owned by none other than high powered Bill Clinton
appointed attorney Andrew Kline  who works in the Justice Department
child traf ficking division. Another federally employed US attorney , Arun
Rao, operating out of Comet's adjacent Maryland district, is also ironically
in char ge of prosecuting child traf ficking and pornography cases with
Comet owner James Alefantis' Instagram account filled with Rao's
salaciously running commentary , suggesting another fox guarding the
henhouse. With a known under ground tunnel system  running below these
establishments, multiple signs of a not-so-secret pedo operation abound on
that one upscale DC block, with the fingerprints of the Podestas , Hillary
Clinton  and Barack  Obama  written all over it.
The troubled lone gunman (prototypical of virtually every US false flag
operation) who fired of f a couple rounds inside Comet Pizza  in early
December last year was very likely another deep state prop or stooge
designed to instantly discredit the online Pizzagate investigation and
convincingly tag its true believers as " conspiracy nuts ." It also served to
jump-start the deep state campaign to pr ove how "danger ously
irresponsible" so called " fake news " is, triggering America's wackos into
committing reprehensible acts of violence that warrant ur gent legislation to
protect an imperiled public from further harm and endangerment.
Thus, Pizzagate was exploited by deep state as a nefarious, over -the-top
scheme  to censor and eliminate alternative media from being able to
continue exposing the truth about the evils of both deep state criminality



and specifically the pedophiles who run the world. But the false flag facts
remain - that lone gunman turned out to be yet another known actor , and
both actor and his father while serving as director of yet another NGO for
Haitian children were employed in Haiti just several years earlier , indelibly
linked to the Clintons' pillaging  of the poorest Western Hemisphere nation
where the infamous crime duo swindled billions from Haitian post-
earthquake victims.
Throw in Laura Silsby , a convicted child kidnapper and would-be traf ficker
of 33 Haitian kids, who was legally aided and abetted by Hillary as then
secretary of state, and the untimely , highly suspicious death of young
journalist Monica Petersen  several days after last November's election,
effectively silencing Monica's ongoing investigation of Clinton ties to
Haitian child traf ficking, and we have compelling, albeit circumstantial
evidence linking the Clintons to the global PedoGate scandal. And then if
that's not enough, internet sleuths found that Silsby and Alefantis, two
protagonists in this pedo-scandal drama, apparently both showed up as
Obama White House guests  on the very same day , September 26th, 2012.
Three weeks ago sex victim advocate and astute journalist Liz Crokin  in a
Townhall.com  article asked why mainstream news is not reporting the over
1,500 arrests made ( 474 in California alone last month) against child sex
trafficking rings during President Trump's very first month in of fice as
opposed to the entire year 2014 under Obama's watch when only 400 arrests
resulted. Crokin justifiably points out that fake str eam news is
conspicuously absent in what should be among America's biggest news
stories of the year . But then the answer to her question is all too obvious.
MSM and the pedophiles are one and the same. Case in point, alleged
pedophile John Podesta  was just hired as the Washington Post's  latest
columnist.
We've witnessed overwhelming evidence that mainstream news only
protects and covers up the grossly criminal actions of the Clintons and
Obamas, while regularly engaging in libellous accusations against Donald
Trump. Bottom line, MSM's role as the liberal left's propaganda machine is
to constantly lie and create only fake news  rather than reveal the honest
truth. That's why Congress and Obama rushed through censorship



legislation  less than a month prior to the traitor leaving of fice, handing over
bogus authority to their prostitutes Google, Facebook, Twitter , Reddit and
MSM  to eliminate the only truthful news source left to the people - the
independent media.
Flat out denial and looking the other way while pedophiles in our
government continue harming our children is simply the above enlisted
prostitutes following their marching orders from the pedophiles in char ge.
That's why they don't dare cover the truth that Trump is arresting pedophiles
en-masse like never before . One, it gives way too much credit to their
sworn enemy Trump who's out to bring them down, and two, children being
saved from malicious perverts would actually be good news for a change,
and MSM thrives on only doom and gloom. Positive news and useful
information that of fers hope and encouragement to the public is simply not
permitted. A longtime mainstream media edict has been to propagate and
spread only horror , dread, fear and paranoia for elitist purposes of easier
population control . This in turn cultivates and conditions a clueless,
desperate populace dependent on a "benevolent" central government for
direction and protection.
With just a passing glimpse of the rampant pedophilia long entrenched in
Hollywood, the demonic signs  are incessantly saturated throughout the film,
TV and music  industries, especially featured on worldwide display in
enormous venues like Super Bowl Sunday that carry mass mind control
effects over a captive, mesmerized global audience. The insidious
criminality , sinister promotion and sealed of f protection of pedophilia
kingpins in entertainment are embedded everywhere in today's morally-
lapsed, depraved Western culture. Brave young actors like Corey Feldman ,
an admitted pedophile victim, and most recently Elijah Wood have come
forth as Hollywood whistleblowers. Wood referred to the current pedophile
scandal gripping Tinsel Town involving "very powerful figures" that are
being protected "right at the top" by elitist ties to Washington.
For some time now social engineers from the elitist ranks have been
subversively working towards normalizing  and advocating pedophilia as a
mere life choice, pushing its "non-harmful," "legal rights" message for its
proponents. As a prime example, a 2014 New Y ork T imes article  maintains



that pedophilia is a mental disorder but not a crime, ar guing that a pedophile
attracted to prepubescents but who never acts on those impulses or thoughts
never commits a crime. Though true within the narrowly defined context,
the rationalization it makes fails to take into account the compulsive , at
times out of control nature of pedophilia that drives those af flicted to act out
sexually towards children, and more often than not become a serial
pedophile or pederast.
As effort along the same destigmatizing lines, the American Psychiatric
Association's (AP A) latest r evised 2013 DSM-5 edition initially called
for pedophiles who never  act on their  sexual desir es for  childr en to be a
sexual orientation rather  than a formal mental disorder . When barraged
by a storm of opposition, the APA was forced to change its position,
drawing the distinction between sexual interest (and not orientation) while
making the disclaimer that the APA still recognizes pedophilic disorder as
both a mental disorder among other paraphilic disorders as well as a crime.
However , the "error" on page 698 remains in every diagnostician's hardcopy
"bible," until the next print revision, as only the online e-DSM-5 was
corrected. In the transparently persistent push (if not rush) to culturally
normalize pedophilia, APA's "Freudian slip" may well have been a
barometric tack to test the waters of tolerance toward the mental disorder
that remains a serious sex crime. Regardless of diabolical spin or label,
child raping reminds us that "evil is as evil does."
Likewise, former President Obama and his minions pushed Common Core
and his LGBT  agenda  down our throats through his federalized public
education system, willfully harming our children right out of the
kinder garten gate with developmentally inappropriate, sexually explicit
dogma that's been damaging , overloading and confusing recent generations
of young Americans toward gender identity issues that commonly manifest
as confused gender roles, sexual acting out and interpersonal relationship
barriers that reflect a normalized cultural and sexual pathology and
dysfunction. Obama's statist attack on both family and parental rights  along
with religion is but part of the elite's massive mind control operation to
further its sinister agenda.
When we the people can ultimately realize that the planetary controllers and



their thirteen ruling bloodlines  have for centuries been engaging in ancient
occult, Satanic worship  and Illuminati rituals that regularly involve child
sacrifice , drinking youth blood and eating their flesh, making snuf f films,
all part of their age-old devil worshipping practices, suddenly the agenda of
plotting and executing human genocide under the false guise of
overpopulation  doesn't seem so farfetched either . Then and only then can
we readily discern the epochal scope of today's most dire and ur gent crisis
facing humanity at this critical juncture in our human history .
But in our  favor , the evildoers have never  been mor e exposed than they
are right now , and their  greatest fear  is an informed, educated and
empower ed world citizenry that outnumbers them a million to one,
coalescing in unified for ce and r eaching critical mass, committed to
actively opposing and r esisting the globalists' willful planetary and life
destruction thr ough grassr oots power  of peaceful, non-violent civil
disobedience and spiritual evolution . Currently humanity has the
technological means to cure  every cancer and disease, feed every human on
earth, eliminate the planet's growing life-killing pollution  and radioactivity ,
and supply free ener gy to every household  and transport vehicle  that can
cleanly , unlimitedly fuel all our needs. These are all indisputable facts. By
purging the evildoers from power along with their debtor -slavery system
and launching a financial reset, the human species will at last be free to
advance these technological facts into our everyday living and breathing
reality .
The economic system reset button is already underway , and the US fiat
currency as the standard international reserve is already over as a return to
gold backing is well in progress. Wallowing in pessimism and stagnating in
cynicism is exactly where the globalists would prefer us, knowing if we the
global masses have already concluded that we're too powerless and weak to
ever change the course of history and cannot possibly defeat the destructive
demonic forces in control, their apocalyptic endgame's already been
achieved. Neither should we succumb to the elite's divide and conquer
strategy , forever blaming others instead of seeking the ultimate deeper truth
that automatically holds the real criminals against humanity accountable.
Rather than fight amongst ourselves or give up and roll over and play dead
as the elite no doubt desires us to do, we must join forces in order to



optimize our chances of defeating them. If we love our children and want to
leave a future for them, and we value life over death, then we the people of
planet earth simply have no other choice.
 
 
As Treasonous Bush-Clinton-Obama Pedo Cabal
Dynasty Gets Exposed, Desperate Elite Steps Up
War against Humanity
Joachim Hagopian Sott.net  Fri, 31 Mar 2017
 
A Walk down the Rabbit Hole of New World
Order History



Every day the world seems to be spinning faster out of control. What
appears to be unfolding is an epic battle between subversive forces within
deep state America vying for dominance and control. Up till now the
international crime cabal government led by the ruling elite has enjoyed
unbroken, virtually unchallenged power and authority in Washington. The
current ruling cabal easily stretches all the way back to the 1980
presidential election, when Ronald Reagan as a figurehead idol on a
pedestal covertly secured the real globalist powerbroker  into position - his
Vice President Geor ge H. W. Bush.
That year Reagan beat incumbent Jimmy Carter only because of the
October Surprise , a top secret deal overseen by former CIA  Director Bush
negotiated with Iran's Khomeini to delay the release of the 52 American
hostages in Tehran until after Reagan was elected and became president.
Had Carter been able to free the hostages prior to his November election
reducing their 444 day ordeal, he would have secured his second term in
office. So it's only by treasonous subterfuge that the puppet occupying the
White House changed that year .
This totally sinister pattern already had a precedent when a dozen years
earlier Richard Nixon made a secret agreement  with then South Vietnamese
President Nguyen van Thieu to sabotage peace talks with North Vietnam
that President Johnson had been negotiating, convincing Thieu to hold of f
from signing any peace treaty in 1968 on a broken promise of a better deal
to come. This subversively treasonous ploy won Nixon the presidency ,
extending America's then longest running war another four plus years,
killing 22,000  more American lives and over a million more Southeast
Asians. But hey , what does it matter to the ruling elite that has only
contempt for human life while deciding who becomes president every four
or eight years? The planetary rulers control both political parties in America
and regularly take turns selecting the Republican or the Democrat who
comes to power as they see fit. Illegal secret deals determining who the
White House puppet will be are just how the diabolical game is played. And
the game's been rigged for many decades.
The globalists historically prefer selecting a president with the full card
carrying elitist credentials, a member of multiple private inner clubs  like the



Council on Foreign Relations, the Trilateral Commission, the Skull and
Bones Society , Committee of 300  and Freemasonry becomes the bona fide
inductee into the satanic hall of shame - the New World Order's Illuminati.
And the elite's Geor ge H. W. Bush had every credential covered as a
lifetime secret society member possessing all of the above. The son of a US
senator and confirmed financier to Hitler , it was a young Geor ge Bush as a
CIA operative who'd worked closely with the anti-Castro-turned anti-
Kennedy Bay of Pigs Cubans . It was also Geor ge Bush who was
photographed  in front of the Dallas bookstore depository on the very same
day that JFK's brain got splattered on his slow moving, "sitting" tar get in
November 1963.
And it was this same Geor ge Bush that the elite teamed up with a
Hollywood B actor when Ronald Reagan was relegated to his final acting
role as White House front man. Just two months into his presidency , Reagan
was struck down by a deranged lone gunman (direct from the false flag
playbook) John Hinckley , whose family just happened to be very close oil
friends with the Bushes. Needless to say , everyone played dumb and true to
Mockingbird collusion, the rabbit hole "coincidences" between the Bush-
Hinckley family connections all rapidly vanished. Never mind the fact that
HW's son Neil was scheduled to have dinner with the would-be assassin's
brother the day after the shooting. Never mind that among John Hinckley's
longer psychiatric stays during the 1970's was at St. Elizabeth's mental
hospital, famous for  CIA  MK Ultra experimentation using drugs to
program guinea pig assassins . Never mind that the Reagan-Bush Ener gy
Department notified the Hinckley's Vanderbilt oil company on the very
same day of the shooting that the family business owed the feds $2 million
in penalties. But once the unspeakable deed was done, that stif f penalty
suddenly vanished into thin air as well, just like all of Hinckley's psychiatric
records and 22 FBI pages  of the "lone" gunman's "associates and
organizations." Bush ensured the truth behind the Reagan shooting was
sealed CIA  tight... a dry run rehearsal for Geor ge junior's poor imitation 20
years later with his own sloppily botched 9/11 coup cover -up.
The eerie parallel is striking between this suspicious Bush af fair and the one
two decades later when HW  dined with bin Laden's brother  on the same
morning of 9/1 1, while the CIA-spawned and funded Osama  sitting in an



Afghan cave half a world away to take the full rap as Bush and Cheney's
arranged mastermind patsy . In any event, the attempt on Ronnie's life left
Geor ge senior to assume virtual control over the White House, wielding the
real power  behind US Empire exploits throughout the 1980's right into the
1990's.
This still alive but frail 92-year old Illuminati gangster who helped carry
out the tragic American JFK coup so many decades ago, to this day enjoys
the elevated stature of a "senior statesman," doing the honor of the coin toss
at this year's Super Bowl. Bush is joined by two other aging NWO gangster
gurus - Kissinger  and Brzezinski , revered  by dumb Americans, still pulling
the strings from afar , overseeing yet another illegal deep state coup  being
currently waged against Donald Trump.
Having controlled deep state as the CIA director  (1976-77), then CFR
director  (1977-79) leading up to his [vice] presidency (1981-1989), then as
the first out of the closet New World Order  president (1989 to 1993), and
then even continuing behind the scenes under Bill Clinton  since Bush
senior  had employed the youngest Arkansas governor  as his cocaine
dealer  out of USA  central in rural Mena, Arkansas thr oughout Bill's
crime-filled dozen year  run as state governor . During Bush's Iran-Contra
era, Bill Clinton launder ed over  a billion dollars  a year in CIA  drug
money through his little airport . Profits from the "war on drugs" catapulted
the rise of both the Bush and Clinton crime families as they busily paid of f
and appointed enough court judges, federal and state attorneys, state police
and FBI of ficials, in order to ef fectively keep at bay all their scandals of
countless murders , serial rapes and child sex traf ficking investigations while
financing their lucrative, of f-the-books, CIA  black budget .
As a result, the Bushes and Clintons have permanently installed a corrupt
international crime cabal -drug cartel operating out of Washington DC that
seamlessly recycles its ruthless centralized power and influence from
Republican to Democratic administrations under the same or ganized crime
machine families for nearly four decades and still counting. Bush-Clinton-
Obama appointed judges and the rogue forces have saturated deep state and
are still firmly entrenched in both the judicial branch and all the US
intelligence agencies operating within New World Order's political dynasty .



The Bush-Clinton-Obama dynasty has faithfully followed the elite's
marching orders, nearly destroying America as a sovereign nation, killing
off its once vibrant middle class , crumbling its infrastructure , decimating its
manufacturing  and tax bases  with of fshore cheap labor outsourcing .
Establishing a permanent wartime economy , within a few decades this same
satanic worshipping dynasty has transformed the US from the world's
largest creditor  nation into world history's biggest debtor nation, currently
drowning at $20 trillion  in the red. The drained, near lifeless US national
economy has been bled dry by a lethal war machine whose global mission
is to destabilize and destroy  any sovereign nation that exerts independence,
one by one raping and pillaging turning them into failed states. The Empire
of chaos and destruction possesses its trademark ef fect - King Midas in
reverse.
With the stolen 2000  election and the Cheney-Bush Jr . neocons at the helm
at the turn of the century , and their 9/1 1 their " new Pearl Harbor ," they
established a pretext for their endless war of terror , murdering over 4
million Muslims  in the process while turning our constitutional republic
into a totalitarian oligarchic police state  and Third World banana republic .
Incredibly all these years later  in 2017, those same criminally
destructive for ces ar e still in power  and ar e curr ently bent on
destr oying the Trump pr esidency fr om within, closing in for  the kill to
finish America off for  good.  From CIA  Bush senior though CIA
Manchurian Obama , the assigned NWO puppet destroyers of America have
used their deep state gangsters to seize and expand their centralized
authoritarian control over the span of a full half century . Bottom line, since
the JFK assassination, the shadow government  that Kennedy warned us
about just months ahead of his murder , are the same traitors who never left
Washington.
With last year's debacle of a political circus fully exposing America's
corrupt rigged  two party system, resulting in the surprising Trump victory
and Hillary loss, the world ostensibly witnessed the defeat of globalism  and
the end of the crime family dynasty . Though Trump's New York City roots
are steeped in family slumlord discrimination  and later mentored and
shaped by his longtime Mafioso consigliere, the ruthless red-baiting Roy



Cohn , Trump's rise as real estate-gambling mogul generously profiteering
from multiple shady deals with partners in organized crime , surviving four
bankruptcies  as the bailed out benefactor of Wall Street banksters, Donald
Trump can hardly be called a self-made man, a maverick, or least of all an
outsider .
And his womanizing exploits have always been on full display . Just three
years before his pedophile buddy Jef frey Epstein was investigated, in 2002
the Donad's gushing admiration  towards his child rapist friend runneth over:
I've known Jef f for 15 years. Terrific guy . He's a lot of fun to be with. It is
even said that he likes beautiful women as much as I do, and many of them
are on the younger side. No doubt about it - Jef frey enjoys his social life.
Clearly Trump knew his fellow billionaire had the eye for "the younger"
ones on the underage "side" of the law . And with multiple past lawsuits
accusing Trump  of sexual assault or sexual harassment as well, who really
knows if the Donald's past is equally tainted. Is he simply the elite's next
chosen, equally compromised politician to occupy the highest of fice, just as
manipulated and controllable to high roller blackmail as the rest of them?
The satanically run system  wouldn't have it any other way .
Comment:  If Trump was seriously compromised by anything, the Clinton-
Bush cabal would have very likely come out with it already .
Our Current Battlefield Landscape
Speaking of Trump's convicted pedophile friend Jef frey Epstein, Florida's
US attorney Alexander Acosta  at the time was in char ge of Epstein's
prosecution. Acosta's blatant mishandling of the case had him caving into
the pit-bull attack of the Epstein defense team led by Lolita Express
frequent flier Alan Dershowitz by handing the billionaire the sweetheart
deal of a lifetime. Thirteen months of six days a week allowing Epstein to



leave the local jailhouse to be able to work during the day while enabling
Epstein to cop a guilty plea of soliciting prostitution from a minor and avoid
being tried on federal char ges in a federal court where normally any other
offender would serve a ten year to life sentence  was a grotesque travesty of
justice.
But the Epstein case is not over yet. At the Epstein defense team's behest,
attorney Acosta willfully withheld notifying the two underage victims of the
plea bar gained deal he'd agreed to until months after the fact. When the re-
victimized girls finally learned that their rapist was literally awarded a get
out of jail card, they filed a civil suit  against him that's been stalled in court
for nearly eight years. But it is now finally due to move to trial, forcing
Epstein to be subjected to cross examination by the plaintif fs' attorneys. The
basis of their civil suit is that Acosta denied them their civil right under the
Victims Crime Act that compels prosecutors to inform victims of any plea
bargained arrangements made between the prosecutor and defense. So
Acosta was not forthrightly honest in legally complying with both the letter
of the law nor his own legal and ethical obligation.
Last week Alexander Acosta as Trump's choice for Labor Department
secretary underwent questioning  at his senate confirmation hearing. Several
Democratic senators did grill him  over his incompetent mishandling of the
Epstein case. In response, Acosta simply reiterated his feeble ar gument
defending his decision to neither take the case to federal court nor push for
a trial, stating it would risk Epstein going free, which is both unlikely and
absurd. Merely rehashing his old weak rationalization suf ficed to get him
through the first committee vote. All the Republican and most Democratic
senators gave Acosta a free pass, entrusting him to be in char ge of our
national labor force, directly overseeing both legal and illegal labor
practices in America, including the forced labor of child sex slavery and
human traf ficking. Most of the committee was shamefully complicit to
ignore the global epidemic and Acosta's disgraceful history regarding it.
The Republicans all went easy on the nominee, assured that he will be our
next Labor Secretary . This week Acosta's committee vote went strictly
along partisan lines with the dozen Republicans approving and the eleven
Democrats not, thus moving the nominee to the final full senate vote
coming early next month.



The dubious past ties that both Trump and Acosta share with the same
infamous registered sex of fender reflect poorly on both our president as
well as his next labor secretary . Protecting the serial child rapist of which
both Acosta and Trump have been guilty , and then as such a serious and
salient current issue, those senators deeming it unworthy of serious
questioning renders them also complicit in protecting pedophiles along with
the horrors of modern day slavery .
At one point during the hearing, Acosta claimed that he would not bow  to
"inappropriate" political pressure, yet a decade earlier he did exactly that,
completely bowing to the pressure from Epstein's attack dog defense team.
For being remiss in challenging the former US attorney on his abominable
judgment in the biggest legal case of his professional career , shame on those
committee members who failed to meet their ethical responsibility to
confront the nominee who is unfit for the job. Shame on Trump for
selecting him, but mostly on Acosta for his gross misconduct that should
have disqualified him.
With Washington's morally vacant swamp full of quicksand, President
Trump has numerous enemies utilizing all their collective will and power to
remove him  from the White House despite his semi-legitimate election
(electronic rigging occurred on both sides ). If Trump was a pedophile like
so many of his sworn enemies are, it would seem probable that by now
hardcore evidence would have already been produced to incriminate and
destroy him. But despite his checkered past, like other deep state demonized
enemies Putin  and Assad , in comparison Trump appears to be a saint next to
the degenerate diabolical cabal poised and ready to move in for its final
solution kill, not only against the standing US president  but against
humanity as well, victims of the genocidal, pedophilia-infested swamp
determined to rid Trump befor e he rids it . After all, his signature
campaign promise is to drain the booby-trapped swamp.
Or perhaps another even more plausible scenario is that Trump's been
chosen and set up to be the presidential fall guy  when the elite's
meticulously calculated perfect storm of events erupts with the American
Spring uprising about to spill blood and violence in the streets across



America (the latest angry mob episode on a Southern California beach ), co-
timed with the demonically controlled West's launching of WWIII  against
manufactured enemies Russia, China, Iran, Syria and North Korea ,
triggered to blast of f just as the elite's house of cards global economy is
overdue for collapse. Trump may well have been handpicked by the
planetary controllers once they realized Hillary's exposed crimes made her
too damaged a liability . Thus, deep state's manufactured enemy - the
demonized Donald Trump , along with Putin and Assad, is the tar get of the
rulers' treasonously orchestrated insurrection taking place from within, now
unfolding as sleight of hand, cloak and dagger theater , the stage has been set
to propel America and the entire globe into apocalyptic upheaval and
ultimate ruin.
Comment:  Despite the rumors, it is quite unlikely that Trump was chosen
by the controllers to do anything. Trump has been a vociferous critic of
elitist foreign and domestic policy , and has sought to undo the damage.
Some poor choices in policy and appointment picks notwithstanding,
Trump and those closest to him are frantically trying to put out fires and
outmaneuver a cabal that would like to have his head served to them.
The criminal Bush-Clinton-Obama forces in recent weeks are apparently
growing more recklessly desperate in their raw aggression to push humanity
off their doomsday clif f as a last ditch ef fort to save their own skins from
ruin. This presentation will cover the more blatant breaking current events
and significant developments that illustrate the elite's do-or -die desperation
with the criminal enterprises from both the Clintons and Obama exploding
on a near daily basis now .
Hillary's Crimes Unfolding...
New evidence shedding light on Hillary Clinton again emer ges from
Weiner's confiscated laptop, proving that Hillary and Weiner's former wife
Huma Abedin knew that the pedophile husband was once again engaging in
criminal behavior four full months  before he was caught by New York



police. Yet Hillary and Huma did nothing to protect the underage girl from
being further victimized by Weiner's abusive sex crimes, which is a criminal
statute violation in and of itself. At the time NYPD wanted to char ge Hillary
but the FBI and Justice Department pulled rank insisting that it was a
federal case. It was even disclosed that the teenager was struggling with
depression and suicidal thoughts. But when the girl expressed a desire to
kill herself to Weiner , his only response was to send yet another picture of
his wiener .
With this latest press release of damning information, NYPD decided to
break with the FBI silence that has withheld evidence protecting Hillary for
over a year now . The only concern expressed by Hillary at the time was if
the word got out, it would damage  her chance of winning the presidency . So
she self-servingly recommended that Huma distance herself from Weiner
and get a divorce. Of course that move would decisively free Huma up to
both work and play together full time for the benefit of both Hillary's
professional as well as her personal gratification. Only briefly in the
agonizing throes of her lost election did Hillary cast her longtime aide and
companion aside. But not only has post-election Huma at least temporarily
reunited with her old boss, she also is reportedly working hard on
reconciliation with her pervert hubby after the fourth time  perv's been
caught cheating on her . Much to Hillary's chagrin, current sources maintain
that Weiner spends 80-90% of his time these days at the New York
apartment they've shared with their child. How this all legally plays out
against the Clintons as the Weiners try to save themselves from doing
serious time remains to be seen.
Other PedoGate developments that keep resurfacing  in the never -ending
saga of Hillary's criminal cover -ups is her US Ambassador to Belgium
Howard Gutman  while she was his secretary of state boss. The heavy
Obama fundraiser (a half million for his 2008 campaign) who was rewarded
with an ambassadorship was caught red-handed in Brussels soliciting sex
from young boys, and repeatedly caught until leaving his post
"unblemished" in July 2013. Gutman's acting out got so bad that Hillary
the sex crime enabler  sent her  state department fixer  Patrick Kennedy
to order the Inspector General to cease investigation, allowing Gutman to
continue his sex crimes protected by diplomatic immunity . Eventually the



IG became a whistleblower only to have Hillary sic the FBI on her for
continual harassment, break-ins to destroy evidence and suppress another
scandalous cover -up. Ultimately Kennedy finagled a deal with the FBI to
look the other way to allow the ambassador to serve his full diplomatic
tenure in Brussels. And as a result of Hillary's protective shield, Gutman has
never been char ged. In a number of other cases involving sexual
misconduct by Hillary's diplomatic corps, her criminal protection of them
flagrantly remains on record . So she's established a longstanding pattern of
always protecting the pedophiles and letting the child victims suf fer.
Of course this wasn't the first or last time the Clintons intervened to help
allied criminals of f the hook. Shortly after the January 2010 Haiti
earthquake, the Clintons went into their best damage control mode, running
to the rescue of convicted child kidnapper Laura Silsby  when caught trying
to traf fic 33 Haitian girls out of the country . And now remarkably enough,
the convicted child kidnapper is actually employed under her husband's
name at the software company  responsible for issuing Amber Alerts on
suspected abducted children.
Then several days after Hillary lost her November election, journalist
Monica Petersen  was mysteriously found dead in Haiti after allegedly
uncovering more incriminating evidence exposing the Clintons' child
trafficking involvement, not to mention the $2 billion  she and Bill ripped
off from the forsaken Haitian earthquake victims. For the last dozen years
the Clinton Foundation has been masquerading as a multibillion dollar
charitable or ganization ostensibly committed to supplying global
humanitarian relief plentifully donating to noble causes. But the record
shows in 2015 only 4%  of the money actually went to helping those in need
and the rest illegally fed the greedy cof fers of the Clinton family cartel that
for decades has engaged in crime cabal operations, destroying millions of
innocent victims' lives planet-wide.
The Clinton story provides a fitting analogy to the global pedophilia
epidemic. An extremely common pattern pervades where known child
predators are allowed to continue working careers set up to protect children
against pedophile traf ficking rings. Examples are Child Protective Services
employees who actually sell children into sex traf ficking networks. Or



federal US attorneys  whose job is to prosecute against child pornography
and child traf ficking instead of engaging in pedophilia while protecting the
crime cabal from exposure and accountability . Or police  sworn to
investigate pedophile rings to protect children but are actually sexually
abusing more child victims themselves. Or famous and powerful enough
entertainers who become legends working for many years in children's
charities, all the while raping and pimping child victims for other powerful
pedophiles (as in UK's Jimmy Savile  case). These global networks are
allowed to flourish worldwide because these soulless sex of fenders are
rampantly in position to operate with total impunity within the very same
demonic system set up to protect our most defenseless population. It's the
most egregiously grotesque illustration of the predatory foxes guarding the
henhouses of the world.
Another recurring Clinton connection that won't go away is their ongoing
joint enterprises with Frank Giustra, the Canadian mining billionaire and
founder of Lions Gate  Entertainment Corporation. Currently China virtually
owns Hollywood, in recent years the richest man in China behind his
Chinese conglomerate Dalian Wanda has bought up controlling interests in
a number of entertainment corporations and studios, Lions Gate  among
them. Fear of China's oppressive censorship as the world's economic
powerhouse and lar gest creditor nation monopolizing  both the film industry
as well as the internet  (over domain naming rights) is a sobering thought,
considering how the mind of the global masses can be so easily
programmed, conditioned and brainwashed by centralized control.
Comment:  That China would be worse than US/W estern media seems
more than a bit unlikely!
Just to graphically expose what's been secretly going on now all over this
planet, breeder babies  are being brought into this world by either victimized
child sex slaves, incest victims or Luciferian types as part of insulated
demonic cults and secret societies. These babies born without birth
certificates or public records are actually being thrown on satanic sacrificial



altars, raped, cut up, eaten and burned alive by lowlifes in high places and
low places alike, protected for centuries by elite rulers combined with
public ignorance and denial. An eyewitness former Hollywood producer
and insider Jon Robberson  has described in horrid detail the ritualistic child
sacrifice practice going on in Malibu. Thank God people like Jon as well as
former Los Angeles FBI bureau chief Ted Gunderson  and many others are
courageously coming forth to expose the shocking evil. As we become
aware, it's our ethical and moral duty to spread the word and take a stand
against our hidden enemies.
Returning to elitist Clinton partner Frank Giustra, through his Radclif fe
Foundation, he perhaps is the Clinton Foundation's biggest pay-to-play
player . Starting over a decade ago Giustra and the Clintons began their
working partnership that ended up selling of f 20% of America's uranium
deposits to Putin, giving away nukes' main ingredient to nuclear powered
Russia. Talk about treasonous Russian collusion! And then Hillary the
candidate and her minions have turned around to constantly use her
platform to falsely blame  Putin for everything gone wrong in her life, in
America and entire world. In the last decade Hillary's hubris, duplicity ,
hypocrisy and pure evil done to this world can only be matched by her
husband and Obama.
Their Clinton Giustra Enterprise Partnership  also shielded both donors'
identities and amounts they gave to the Clinton Foundation, a violation of
Hillary's "transparency" as secretary of state. As part of the Clintons' pay-
to-play foundation, Giustra was able to buy in for an initial $31 million as a
Clinton Foundation gift in January 2008 in order for Bill to intercede to
make a deal mining uranium in Kazakhstan. As a reward, a few months
later Giustra donated another $100 million to the Clinton Foundation,
earning himself a seat on the Clinton Foundation's board of directors . His
Radclif fe Foundation owns a home for refugees in northern Greece called
Elpida  that maintained a near identical logo to the FBI's pedophilia symbol;
that is, until the heat from Pizzagate suddenly induced Giustra's company to
change its logo, just like Besta  pizza.
Former child actor Brock Pierce  as a young adult with two other partners
formed an early video sharing site called Digital Entertainment Network,



garnering a total investment of $72 million from Hollywood heavy hitters
even prior to its 1999 opening or generating any profit. But the following
year in 2000 the company began going bust after Pierce and his partners
were accused of feeding underage boys in Hollywood with booze and drugs
at parties and then raping their victims in a child sex ring. Their child sex
network was prominently featured in the documentary "An Open Secret."
Ultimately Pierce and company escaped to Spain to avoid legal
ramifications.
A few years later  Brock Pier ce reemerged as an active Clinton Global
Initiative  member , speaking on its behalf and raising funds for the Clintons.
With the dark cloud hanging over Pierce's not so distant past, combined
recently with direct ties to the Clintons and their own child sex trafficking
involvement (through pedophiles Jef frey Epstein, Anthony Weiner  as well
as Podesta and Pizzagate ), and the lar ger PedoGate  epidemic in Hollywood,
Washington DC and the world, criminal depravity appears to permeate and
bind all these associations. The latest Brock Pierce reinvention is his
position as chairman of the board of the Bitcoin Foundation that has had a
number of members resigning in protest.
Another recent related entertainment link to pedophilia involves Late Night
host Stephen Colbert, who apparently takes his Pizzagate-bashing orders
directly from the Clinton camp. After all, he's been best buds with John
Podesta for several years and is eternally grateful for the Podesta boys
generously supporting his sister's failed bid  for Congress in 2013. So the
least the high profile entertainer can do at the behest of a Clinton
Foundation rep is to feature Bill Clinton on a Colbert Report episode
pontificating the glorious wonders of the world, compliments of his
"charitable" Clinton Global Initiative. And then when such powerful close
allies as the Podestas and Clintons get implicated in a DC child sex
trafficking ring, the least Colbert can do is be the first celeb out of the gate
to tear  into anyone who even thinks Pizzagate might be worth further
investigation, much less actually be real.
Obama's Latest Emerging Crimes



Turning to Hillary's other crime cabal partner , besides Bill - Barack Hussein
Obama, in response to all the recent allegations of criminal activity
committed by our former president, Attorney General Jef f Sessions just
stated that he is open to appointing an independent special prosecutor  to
review and investigate the multiple scandals involving Obama's infamous
Department of Justice, from Obama's confirmed IRS discrimination  against
conservative political opponents to former AG Eric Holder's mishandling
and cover -up of the disastrous Fast and Furious  gun running operation to a
Mexican cartel, to AG Loretta L ynch's obstruction  of justice in refusing to
indict and prosecute Hillary and her pay-to-play foundation's blatantly
criminal operations. And now there's Obama's indisputably illegal Trump
surveillance. The list of forthcoming crimes seems endless.
Obama used foreign spy agencies in UK's intelligence services (through its
GCHQ Intercepts ) and likely Canada's as well to spy on Trump without
either a warrant or the US intelligence community's knowledge. On March
4th Trump tweeted  that Obama spied on him at his Trump Towers long
before he was even elected or obtained his October FISA  warrant. Last
week Trump delivered his uncovered evidence to the congressional house
intelligence committee after it concluded that there's no evidence  that
Trump ever colluded with Moscow to influence the election. In recent days
the tables have finally begun to turn and now it's Obama who's on the
defensive and run out of Washington. Despite the recent lies from
mainstream press, past articles written by MSM rag reporters at the New
York T imes have even corroborated  that Obama placed Trump, his family
members and his surrogates under close unconstitutional surveillance. A
CIA whistleblower even maintains that Trump was under " systematic
illegal " surveillance over two years ago but Comey's FBI chose to sit on it.
An Obama of ficial that served as undersecretary of defense for Russian
affairs matter -of-factly let it slip out  that last summer , again months prior to
the October FISA  warrant that made Trump surveillance technically legal,
she was listening in on Trump and his surrogates' private conversations, all
part of the Democratic Party strategy to catch Trump "fixing" the election
with the demonized enemy Russia. So more evidence is forthcoming daily
that it was the Obama-Clinton camp all along who was criminally
interfering with the election, the very same char ge that he, she, deep state



and their MSM minions have falsely , hypocritically and nefariously been
raking Trump over the coals for more than a year now .
Latest PedoGate Developments
On the final day prior to still being susceptibly libel for a defamation
lawsuit regarding his publicity coverage on the Pizzagate scandal, InfoW ars'
"warrior" Alex Jones  recently issued a formal apology to Comet Ping
Pong's owner James Alefantis. This CY A move came to light on the very
eve of the national PedoGate mar ch on Washington to bring further
attention to the seemingly unbr eakable global pedophilia network .
Jones blamed other "irresponsible websites" and a couple of now terminated
InfoW ars' employees for his mistake. Pretty pathetic to witness perhaps
America's most prominent, outspoken activist who's been challenging
government false narratives for over two decades suddenly groveling as an
apologist for the pedophilia epidemic, no less on the day before the
PedoGate march on the nation's capital.
Obviously this only goes to show that GQ Magazine 's 49th most powerful
person in DC - the owner of a pizza joint - can't possibly attribute his
acknowledged power due to making really good pizza. And now seeing his
power shut down and silence America's infamously loudest dissident voice
from speaking out against the pedophilia empire confirms Alefantis'
pecking order clout. As abundantly reported online, the pizza shop owner's
power has everything to do with his inside connections  with the Podestas,
Hillary and Obama. His Instagram account, caught prior to escaping to
private mode, more than suggests a far more dark and sinister reason how
he and his establishment's been abusing his power in Washington.
On the heels of Alex Jones' apology comes another attack on Pizzagate
investigation as "fake news" from - of all places - an on-again off-again
Breitbart reporter named Lee Stranahan . This guy goes on a half hour
diatribe ranting in circular ar gument denying the veracity of a Washington
child sex traf ficking ring connected to the Clintons and the Podestas. He
claims that now famous tweet that founder Andrew Breitbart  as Stranahan's
former boss was taken totally out of context:



How prog-guru John Podesta isn't household name as world class underage
sex slave op cover -upperer defending unspeakable dregs escapes me.
... And that it had nothing to do with Podesta covering up a DC pedophilia
network. Just over a year after Breitbart's tweet, the 43-year old suddenly
turned up dead from an alleged heart attack that many believe was murder .
The coroner in the case died of arsenic poisoning  within hours of the release
of Breitbart's suspicious autopsy results. But Stranahan says there's nothing
here folks so just move on.
... Just like the Catholic Church scandal of priests for centuries raping youth
around the world met by an of ficial Vatican policy of spreading sex crimes
to the next priestly assignment while continually covering up their
criminality . And how that's all now just become yesterday's news, hardly
heard from again after a near $4 billion  payout in settlement suits as of
2015.
But while Stranahan denies and the declawed Jones apologizes,
videographer DABOO777  released his recent YouTube video (which
Google-owned YouTube has begun banning him), disclosing that a map that
shows the extensive under ground tunnel system beneath Washington DC
predominantly lies directly underneath  properties owned by the usual
[pedophile] suspects - the Clintons, James Alefantis and John Podesta. How
conveniently coincidental. And most notably an ordnance has just gone into
effect making it unlawful for anyone to examine or inquire into DC's tunnel
system layout as an overt move to protect current real estate owners [and
perps] from any further scrutiny . Cutting of f public access to information
and knowledge about the capital's subterranean world now declared legally
off limits obviously demonstrates deep state's increasing secrecy and
censorship surrounding its underworld activity . Crimes committed by
Washington's elite running a child sex traf ficking ring allegedly linked to
the Clinton-Podesta-Alefantis nexus is further insulated and protected by
this sudden newly enacted law , rendering the sleuths in pursuit of truth and
justice now the criminals for trying to hold the DC child rapists
accountable. Satanic sickos will stop at no limit to continue their evil ways.
Still another recent related news item coming out of Washington DC is the



more than a dozen young girls  gone missing within the first couple weeks in
March, reopening the burning question are they just the latest Pizzagate
victims? This news only underscor es the alarming number  of reported
minors gone missing  in DC just since the beginning of this year - 501
mostly Latino and black girls. And per  capita, DC and surr ounding
vicinity of Virginia  rack up more children who annually disappear than any
other state in the union. Again, child sex traf ficking is an out of control
epidemic that must be stopped, and it appears nowhere is it more defiantly
in our face than our nation's capital. Meanwhile, lame stream news just
keeps pretending no child traf ficking network even exists in Washington,
ridiculing it as fake news and those acknowledging the truth as conspiracy
nuts.
Last month actor Ashton Kutcher  testified before the Senate Foreign
Relations Committee touting his foundation for rescuing child traf ficking
victims around the globe after Homeland Security contacted him pleading
his assistance in tracking down dark web perps, as if the feds' deep
pocketed DARP A that came up with the internet long befor e Google
don't have the technological capacity to track down the bad guys . The
actor dramatically claimed that his hi-tech company Thorn , started by his
now ex-wife Demi Moore and him contains the [likely AI] software
logarithm that permits law enforcement to prioritize sex of fender caseloads
to track down traf fickers. His company is funded by Google, Facebook,
Twitter and Amazon, all the same companies that ban even talking about
pedophilia. At one point during the congressional hearing, Ashton Kutcher
blows a kiss to his favorite politician Senator John McCain, suggesting
they're more than just a passing acquaintance. That's because Kutcher is a
board member on the McCain's Foundation, a think tank with a stated
objective of combating child sex traf ficking.
Only McCain's or ganization is under current investigation for misallocating
funds for providing zero donations  toward anti-traf ficking. More than one
government insider has fingered McCain  as a suspected pedophile, alleged
to be on the pending FBI arrest list. Among Trump's most venomous
enemies, John McCain may well be Trump's bullseye target for most
wanted in his swamp draining operation. Additionally , several of McCain's
key campaign staf fers have been convicted of pedophilia and sexual



misconduct and McCain himself has a long controversial history of
corruption and treasonous aiding and abetting the enemy , caught yucking it
up in photo-ops with known terrorist leaders  after illegal visits to their
headquarters.
Another notably revealing story making the rounds is a recent episode from
Dr. Phil's show  featuring a woman who calls herself Kendall. She disclosed
that her parents sold her at birth to a rich and powerful owner who as a
member of the elite for many years used her for pedophiles to sexually
abuse as his sex slave. Her owner would hire makeup artists and furnish her
with fashionable attire just to hide the reality that she was an orphaned sex
slave. Constantly raped since birth before she could even speak, Kendall
was regularly tortured as a forced participant in sadistic satanic rituals
involving child sacrifice. She grew up thinking it was normal for children to
be brutally assaulted for adult sexual gratification and describes herself
being kept in a cage observing other kids in cages sold to highest bidders.
Kendall stated that similar to the film Hunger Games (another Lions Gate
release), children are actually hunted down like animals for sport by the
rich, then systematically caught and raped. As a woman currently in her late
twenties, only three years ago Kendall managed to escape from her horrific
life in chronic bondage. Her appearance on mainstream television serves an
important function of bringing increasing levels of public awareness to the
worldwide PedoGate phenomenon of child sexual slavery and global human
trafficking.
The Multi-Front War - How Deep State Plans to
Kill Trump, Independent Media, Free Speech, the
Truth and Us
Fearing the wrath of angry masses catching onto their evildoing, the
globalists are stepping up their attacks on humanity . The Atlantic  has
planted the seed as if it's already a done deal or soon to be, featuring an
article  entitled "Rewriting the Rules of Presidential Succession," invoking
post-T rump continuity of government  (COG) parameters. The "not-my-



president" minions are openly calling for assassination, violent overthrow
and impeachment as legitimately justified means within the COG protocol
for promoting the unlawful removal of a sitting US president. And with the
debt ceiling crisis  as of mid-March allowed to remain unresolved this time
around, by sinister design without a willing way for the feds to keep kicking
the can down the road, the business of government will soon be shutting
down in syncopated coordination with the planned American Spring
insurrection . Another Geor ge Soros funded regime change  operation that
with impunity he's been executing for decades on every other continent has
finally come home to roost, unfolding right here and right now on US soil.
The countdown to chaos and implosion is upon us. And on the propaganda
front centered on controlling the news, we're also witnessing an equally
unprecedented parallel process of deep state ratcheting up its multi-
tentacled war waged against us the people, against our First Amendment
rights, and against the truth exposing the elitist perpetrators' crimes.
The CIA's cold war Operation Mockingbird  designed to control mainstream
media by spewing out fake news propaganda never left, even after the
Senate Church investigation forced it out into the open and then CIA
Director Geor ge Bush lied publicly decreeing its end in 1976. But it only
submer ged into the deep state swamp where it's subversively festered ever
since. Today colluding with six oligarchs , the CIA  still owns and controls
MSM . But in response to the American public's growing distrust towards
the media, deep state in its information and propaganda war is out to own
and control both our mind and our population. Gallup poll results from a
half year ago reported the distrust has spread to an all-time high  of 2 out of
3 Americans not believing the mainstream press at all anymore.
So the CIA's deep pocket strategy has been to escalate its so called " anti-
fake news " campaign, deploying hundreds if not thousands of paid shills  to
plant and disseminate disinformation to willfully discredit, smear , confuse
and ultimately censor and eliminate the independent alternative news media
as the last chance for the American people to access the truth about the
egregious crime violations taking place. With the CIA's Vault 7  listening
and watching both our every move as well as candidate turned President
Trump's every move , deep state is deceitfully utilizing every weapon of
mass destruction in its ungodly arsenal to subdue, imprison and destroy us.



The internet giants on social media have introduced the slippery slope of
various thinly disguised censorship  measures, whereby links and articles
deemed as fake news by anyone who registers a complaint joined by a
couple others, concluding that something on the internet rings either untrue
or objectionable, can then be arbitrarily deleted and removed. Use of third
party fact checkers  like Snopes as "truth arbiters" is being implemented, in
itself ar guably a highly biased  source of so called truth. In the electronic age
online censorship is equivalent to burning books. We're being attacked on
all fronts because New World Order autocrats, in reaction to losing their
grip of power and control over the growing legions of awakened citizens,
must destroy all their designated enemies that of course begin with Trump,
Putin, Assad, and 90% of us  people on this planet who refuse to either be
owned or eugenically eliminated. We the "useless eating deplorables " are
now in the fight of our lives, standing up for both truth and our freedom in
an epic battle of the ages to take down the demonic Satan worshipping
cabal once and for all.
A growing percentage of the population recognizes mainstream media as
the actual purveyors of fake news, subsequently fast losing its dwindling
readership and viewing audience due to far more honest and accurate news
accounts from selected alt media sites. Similarly , because Trump is posing
such a thr eat to new world disorder , deep state is escalating its assault
on him, calling for  his overthr ow in a nationwide insurgency while
targeting independent  news sources for elimination. Using Google and
Facebook as social media censors, deep state totalitarianism is ultimately
achieved only when people's access to the truth is completely sealed and cut
off, thereby enabling absolute control over the flow of [mis]information and
news to the thoroughly brainwashed, kept in the dark, ignorant masses.
How Disinformation Shills Have Saturated the
Internet: One Case Story
As a case in point, to undermine alternative news credibility , websites like
"America's Last Line of Defense " have been springing up spewing out false
stories and lies so that designated censors like Snopes can debunk it. It's a



tag team enterprise ultimately designed to eliminate blacklisted independent
media. This bogus site recently ran a series of totally fictional,
sensationalized stories that inevitably got picked up by either other shills or
a number of gullible online sites. A week ago "Last Line of Defense" began
reporting that deceased onetime Hillary boyfriend and Clinton confidant
Vince Foster 's body was ordered to be exhumed by a federal judge in
response to Congressman Trey Gowdy's request . The supposed explanation
for this court decision came minutes after alleged evidence that a murdered
journalist working on the case had a letter written on his behalf sent to his
Washington Examiner  editor . Allegedly Gowdy was able to quickly
convince the judge to order Foster's exhumed body from his Fairfax,
Virginia graveside. Despite Snopes' claim that it was meant to be "tongue-
in-cheek" satire, the real agenda is to undermine the credibility of online
alternative media, justifying censorship and elimination of fake news.
The biggest delivered lie from this story was the bogus announcement that
the of ficial cause of Foster's death was abruptly changed from suicide to
homicide , based on two alleged bullet holes found in the back of his skull,
making it virtually impossible for his 1993 death to be self-inflicted (not
unlike reporter Gary Webb who unearthed H.W . Bush's Iran Contra scandal
but later also paid for it with two bullet holes to the head "suicide"). And
just to add fuel to the fake fire , once Foster's body was examined, the
ambulance carrying his body was reportedly set ablaze  to destroy all further
evidence linking the Clintons to the crime. The hoax was further spun with
reports that when Trump found out, he went directly to FBI headquarters
and allegedly fired the supervisor in char ge of the original investigation.
This deceptive game is played by occasionally interspersing actual news
events in with embellished fake accounts. One such supposed "kernel of
truth" was MSM's recent coverage of scandal-ridden cover -upper FBI
Director James Comey suddenly dispatched for an impromptu meeting  at
the White House, of course immediately accompanied by online speculation
over whether Trump fired Comey on the spot. Muddying the waters so the
public doesn't know what to believe is also the name of the game.
By cherry-picking and "exposing" so called fake news stories amongst the
numerous alt media sites, MSM desperately attempts to win back its lost



credibility while opportunistically convincing an unsuspecting, now
minority public that independent and social media need to be reined in with
increasing censorship  for the public's own good. This same deceptive
message was conveniently spread in early December , fully exploiting what
was yet another false flag after the Comet Ping Pong trigger -happy " lone
gunman " showed up in order to smear the Pizzagate  investigation and label
its believers as tin foiled " conspiracy theorist " nuts. As mainstream media
falls into non-relevant oblivion and out of business as lying, desperate
propaganda whores and criminal accomplices, thoroughly exposed as the
actual fake news, its panicking resolve to ban the real truth through planting
fake news stories by way of its bogus alt news shill sites is skyrocketing
now. The all-out war for our minds, bodies and souls is in full assault.
This Century's Biggest CIA Drug Bust in the
Atlantic and its Potential Link to Obama
Another story that broke in recent weeks is the lar gest Atlantic Ocean drug
bust since 1999. On February 16th, 2017 a 70 foot fishing vessel named
Lady Michelle registered out of a small Caribbean island nation that's part
of the British Commonwealth called St Vincent and Grenadine was busted
attempting to transport a whopping 4.2 tons  of cocaine worth $125 million.
The Coast Guard and DEA  working with local Caribbean authorities
detected the suspicious boat located in a sea lane too deep for fishing and
often used by drug smugglers. This much of the story is confirmed to be
true, including the names of the captain and his three crewman all from
Guyana.
But an article from Sorcha Faal at whatdoesitmean.com  has taken the
liberty to link the ship's name to Barack Obama's wife Michelle, concluding
that the former president is now the criminal mastermind behind an
international drug smuggling operation, that has forced him to subsequently
flee to French Polynesia for safe refuge against extradition back to America.
Meanwhile, MSM has announced that without his wife Michelle, Obama's
vacationing "alone" for the next month at the posh Brando resort island
located in Tahiti. A couple of weeks ago the site explained that sources from
the Kremlin's Foreign Intelligence Service provided the details to this part



of the story , which the site admittedly has been known to spread
disinformation propaganda. Thus, claiming that Obama has a new job as
a drug dealing fugitive may well be just mor e sensationalized fake news
on the heels of the alr eady explosive incriminating r evelations that
Obama as pr esident order ed illegal surveillance of Trump shar ed by
virtually all the US intel agencies with a constant flow of leaks to MSM .
Unscrupulous FBI Director Comey's  been outed, recently caught lying
[again] insisting that the Trump Tower was not surveilled despite the latest
congressionally released testimony confirming that Trump in fact was.
A strange anomaly surfacing from the Caribbean drug arrests is the Argyle
International Airport as a brand new $259 million international investment
from Cuba, Taiwan and its biggest investor Venezuela as St Vincent's lar gest
land development in history . The airport's construction had been nine long
years  in the making, and to great national fanfare, it had just been opened
and begun operating only two days prior to the huge drug bust in
international waters 70 nautical miles from Suriname. That timing in and of
itself has to raise a degree of red flag suspicion, especially since the
reported very first flight to land at the airport was a chartered private
aircraft from Mexico while Lady Michelle was allegedly docked close by ,
awaiting its car go pickup. A month prior to leaving the White House,
Obama signed the US-Caribbean Strategic Engagement Act, alleged to
essentially permit the CIA  to lease both the Argyle airport and nearby
fishing port for drug smuggling operations, a long established fact that the
world's biggest drug dealer  for many decades since the Vietnam War has
been none other than America's CIA.
Another emphasized point connecting the dots between the historic drug
bust and Obama is the Lady Michelle's captain, a Guyana national named
Mohamed Nazin Hoseain. According to Russian intelligence, Hoseain is
"an or ganizational member of the terrorist group the Muslim Brotherhood,"
which Trump  is considering a designated  terrorist group, joining the UK,
Egypt, United Arab Emirates, Russia and Syria. Obama threw longtime US
ally Egyptian dictator Mubarak  under the bus in favor of the Muslim
Brotherhood's Mohamed Morsi, now serving a life sentence  in an Egyptian
prison. Plus, aside from Obama's half-brother Malik's ties  to the Muslim
Brotherhood, Obama signed a secret directive  identifying the or ganization



as a "moderate" Islamist group rather than classifying it as radical.
Additionally , Barack Hussein's been accused of allowing Muslim
Brotherhood members to infiltrate a number of key positions  throughout his
administration.
An added piece of info is the Obamas happened to be vacationing  in the
geographic area with billionaire Richard Branson in the Virgin Islands just
before the Caribbean bust went down in February . Around that same time in
a related matter , a dozen TSA  agents  were arrested for smuggling 20 tons
or $100 million worth of cocaine coming into US via Puerto Rico over the
last 18 years under both Bush and Obama's watch. Upon learning of the
TSA arrests, alleged Obama surrogates and possible accomplices allegedly
attempted to contact the drug vessel captain but to no avail. Obama and his
people then fled the Virgin Islands just days prior to the four arrested
crewman taken into custody aboard the Lady Michelle and flown directly to
the US Virgin Islands immediately after Obama's departure. Another
coincidence?
At that point Barack and Michelle went their separate ways. Once back in
DC, in a frantic 36-hour time lapse, Obama embarked on an unscheduled
whirlwind journey conferring with important players within his powerful
support system network. He first flew to New York City to meet with his
lawyers and take in a Broadway play for fake news CNN , then onto meet
with his multibillionaire globalist friend and ally Warren Buf fet in Omaha
to no doubt discuss Obama's mounting legal problems, from stealing
millions from Fannie May  and Freddie Mac in order to illegally bankroll his
Obamacare, to his warrantless (till October) illegal spying on Trump  and
perhaps even his latest Caribbean headache, then onto Silicon Valley  to
meet with more strategic A-list intelligentsia, many of whom worked in his
administration, likely soliciting their much needed support prior to flying on
to Hawaii  to say goodbye to his family before escaping on to Tahiti.
Obama's entire whirlwind tour across the globe was unplanned, but the
stopover in Hawaii wasn't just a "hi-goodbye" to his family . An old Harvard
law school buddy who also graduated with him in 1991 that Obama later
appointed as federal judge just so happened to make a major ruling to block
Trump's travel ban less than 48 hours  after Obama breezed through town,



right by the judge's home and courthouse. Very likely the two met. Obama
moved from the White House taking up residence two miles from his
former home with his closest advisor Valerie Jarrett moving in to the
makeshift war room where operation dump Trump would vow to remove
him from of fice by any and all means necessary .
But with all the public disclosures of Obama's recent legal improprieties
piling up fast, his meeting with his legal defense team to his key powerful
influential allies before rushing of f to a location where he cannot be
extradited, all suggest that perhaps he is a fugitive on the run, be it for drug
running or otherwise. After his near lethal damage to America, millions of
citizens are no doubt hoping that all his treasonous crimes against humanity
are finally catching up to him. Same goes for Hillary , Bill and the Bushes .
What's Next?
And so it goes, the infamous diabolical cabal players who've been raping
our children and planet for centuries are now running like cockroaches
naked and exposed from the glaring spotlight. But in retaliation for their all
too visible crimes against humanity , they are launching their long schemed,
conver ging perfect storm - take out people's access to the truth while trying
to take out their elected leader who's allegedly determined to take them out
first, using their trusty stand-by - false flag terrorism last week in London  to
distract from the US-UK GCHQ Trump wiretap scandal . The next terrorism
will most likely be on US soil, all designed to foment the national
emer gency and crisis needed to trigger emer ging civil war violence on
America's blood-stained streets, amidst global military showdowns against
the manufactured enemies of the Eastern alliance, intended to ignite World
War III, all coordinated and timed with their central banking system
dominoes falling as the collapsing global economy is detonated to crash in a
resultant mushroom cloud of apocalyptic destruction. With nine months still
left in 2017, this war of the ages could even go nuclear as the deranged elite
fight for their lives by snuf fing out our entire planet we call home. While
we have them panicking and on the run, now is our time to fight to take
back our mother earth for the sacred, God given life we still cherish. For the
sake of our children and our children's children, our time to act is now!



Joachim Hagopian  is a West Point graduate and former US Army of ficer.
He has written a manuscript based on his unique military experience
entitled "Don't Let The Bastar ds Getcha Down."  It examines and focuses on
US international relations, leadership and national security issues. After the
military , Joachim earned a master's degree in Clinical Psychology and
worked as a licensed therapist in the mental health field with abused youth
and adolescents for more than a quarter century . In recent years he has
focused on his writing, becoming an alternative media journalist. His blog
site is at http://empireexposed.blogspot.co.id/ .
His new book is Pedophilia & Empir e: Satan, Sodomy , & The Deep State  [a
gigantic compendium]
Also see Eaters of Childr en; The Pedocracy  by Giovanni Cirucci chapter
31 covers Pizzagate
“For a perspective on how sex traf ficking is skyrocketing in the US, in 2003 there were only 17
arrests  for sex traf ficking. In 2012 there were 567. Two weeks ago a statewide sting operation in
California arrested 474 suspects in child sex traf ficking. Behind drug traf ficking, human traf ficking is
the second most lucrative income for or ganized crime at $150 billion  per year , and four of five
victims are traf ficked for sexual slavery . The evolving and expanding PedoGate scandal is far from
going away as many cynics predicted it would.”



OUT OF SHADOWS - Final Segment of the movie
https://www .youtube.com/watch?v=MY8Nfzcn1qQ
[The time has come when enough is enough, it’ s time for transparency . The
public needs to wake up and learn to think for themselves. In their ef fort to
consolidate control and destroy the integrity of the media the battle with
deep controllers has reached a tipping point, the tables are turning. A team
of professional researchers and filmmakers have banded together to present
a free movie that documents the historical co-opting of their medium by the
Satanists that control government and in particular the CIA. When the Nazis
from Project Paperclip brought "new blood" to the agency in the form of
propaganda technology , Hollywood corruption was at the top of their list of
societal manipulation tools.
This film, seen through the eyes of a seasoned stunt man turned producer ,
tells the story with a bevy of archival footage, injected commentary from
CIA whistleblower , Kevin Shipp, and a host of well-chosen video
examples. The final segment extracted here is devoted to Pizzagate and is
narrated by veteran political journalist Liz Crokin. She stood alone by the
true facts in the face of a gigantic mainstream media cover -up blitz aimed at
distorting and burying the abuse and traf ficking implications of the story ,
calling it debunked fake news. Liz presents the blow by blow details:]
Time point https://www .youtube.com/watch?v=MY8Nfzcn1qQ&t=54m38s



LIZ: In early 2016… I worked in media for over two decades and I never
had any issues. I was very well respected. I basically was embraced by the
mainstream media until I start reporting on Pizzagate.
PIZZAGA TE segment
LIZ: Now when Pizzagate came out, the media tried to turn Pizzagate into
something that wasn't.
ANNOUNCERS: Surprises of the presidential campaign was the explosion
of Fake News on the Internet. Twenty-eight-year -old Edgar Welch was
arrested in Washington Sunday afternoon outside Comet ping-pong, a
popular family pizza parlor . DC police say Welch fired at least one round
into the restaurant floor with an AR-15 rifle like this one on his Facebook
page.



No one was injured. Someone on Twitter , whose name remains unverified
but has several thousand followers, posted that new emails found on
Anthony Weiner's computer confirmed that Hillary Clinton was involved in
a pedophilia ring.
The rumor spread inspiring some newfound internet sleuths to start digging
around in John Podesta's hacked emails searching for proof and location of
the so-called sex ring.
LIZ: In those emails, they are absolutely littered with code words and many
of these code words are food words such as “pizza”.
DAVE: Somebody said to me, “hey Dave, search for 'pizza' in Podesta's
emails” and once you go down that rabbit hole you never really emer ged
the same person.
LIZ: It was obvious from the get-go that these words were code words for
something else because the context that they were used in did not make
sense.
ANNOUNCER: To be clear not one single email in the Podesta emails
discusses child sex traf ficking or pedophilia. That is a fact, but there are
dozens of what seemed to be strangely worded emails dealing with pizza
and handkerchiefs. Investigators say that those words in the emails about
pizza and the talk of handkerchiefs is code language used by pedophiles.
There is some kind of code language. They're just not talking about pizza
folks.
But who phrases that, who blocks out an hour of time to eat a slice of pizza?
LIZ: You can get a service for a half an hour . You can get a massage for a
half an hour , but you can't get food for half an hour . It just absolutely makes



no sense. There's other ones like “the realtor found a handkerchief, I think it
has a map that seems Pizza related, is it yours?” and another one is “I think
Obama spent $65,000 flying in pizza and hot dogs from Chicago for a
private party at the White House…” “are we using the same Channel.”
LIZ: Pizza is a well-known paedophile code word that actually has been
used by law enforcement to arrest online sexual predators of children and
there's been multiple arrests that have been made by law enforcement of
pedophiles trying to solicit children by using the pedophile code word
Pizza.
ANNOUNCERS: 2007 unclassified FBI document . That document,
according to the FBI, contains commonly used symbols by pedophiles to
express their preference and children. Notice this one on the end, the
triangle. That image signifies something called “boy love”. The pizza place
next door to comet ping-pong pizza, Besta Pizza. Well this was their logo
until only a few weeks ago.
LIZ: People don't know that because the mainstream media refuses to cover
it. The entire mainstream media redefined what Pizzagate was to make it
sound ridiculous and less believable and then they had people like Megan
Kelly come in, interview James Alefantis, didn't ask him any challenging
questions.
MEGAN KELL Y: …a conspiracy theory that even the DC police say has no
basis in fact.



LIZ: She didn't ask him any questions about the pictures of children on his
Instagram page looking abused being sexualized. She didn't ask him about
the pedophile talk. So the whole mainstream media painted him as this poor
victim, as this person that was innocent, that was just victimized as
something that wasn't true. But just his Instagram page alone should have
been enough for authorities to look into him.



ANNOUNCER: Investigators have already proven there's nothing to this
story right, well actually no. And that's what you need to know . For all that
is here there has not been one single public investigation of any of this, not
from local police, not from the FBI, no one. And that has to be the big
question not for Podesta or for pizza parlor owners, but for law
enforcement. Based on what may be or may not be here the big question is
why hasn't any investigation taking place. This is insane.
LIZ: So many people in the mainstream media have said “Pizzagate is
conspiracy theory , Pizzagate has been debunked.” It has not been debunked.
If it's been debunked, explain the code words. No one to this day including
John Podesta himself can explain the code words in his emails. Hey , John
Podesta can you please explain why you have children rented for
entertainment for your adult hot tub parties? No one has ever explained why
John Podesta has literal pedophile cannibalism paintings all over his of fice
and his home, Tony Podesta too.



And then you look into the spirit cooking dinners when you look into
Marina Abramovic who was the one that was conducting the spirit cooking
dinners.
Why are they going to spirit cooking dinners? Why are they sacrificing
Chicken Samoa in their backyard. This isn't my words.
This is their words this is in their emails. I'd be willing to debate anyone
who thinks that Pizzagate has been debunked.
PODEST A: You asked me when did... am I getting additional briefings.
That was the first and last time I talked.
ANNOUNCER: October ninth is the last time you have heard from the FBI
at all.
PODEST A: Yes.



ANNOUNCER: You have not got an update on their investigation of your
personal email?
PODEST A: That is correct.
LIZ: So not only did the mainstream media lie to you about Pizzagate they
actually told you that it was illegal to read John Podesta's emails on
WikiLeaks. Chris Cuomo with a straight face on CNN looked into the
cameras and said it's illegal for you to read John Podesta emails.
CHRIS CUOMO: Also interesting is remember it's illegal to possess these
stolen documents. It's dif ferent for the media, so everything you learn about
this you're learning from us.
LIZ: That's how scared they are of those emails and that's how explosive the
content in those emails are, that they felt the need that they had to tell you,
you could not read those emails and if you do you might get arrested. Why?
CHRIS CUOMO: It's dif ferent for the media so everything you learn about
this you're learning from us.
LIZ: People that blow the whistle on elite pedophiles tend to have accidents
and a lot of those people have died mysteriously .
NBC: NBC News has learned that disgraced financier Jef frey Epstein is
dead. Epstein took his own life while he was behind bars.
RUDY  GIULIANI: There's absolutely no excuse for this. What happened
here, to me, is mind-boggling. The guy was a high-risk prisoner , wasn't he?
I mean, he's a guy that they're probably 50 very important people that have
a motive to kill him. We don't even know who they are, it's true, but we
know there are some people that are in a lot of trouble because of Epstein.
They know who they are.
LIZ: His flight logs contain names of some of the biggest most famous and
most powerful people on the planet, members of the royal family , Prince
Andrew , models like Naomi Campbell, famous actors like Kevin Spacey ,
Bill Clinton on those fight logs over 25 times, Hillary Clinton, she's also



been to the islands. So the bigger question is how many people that went on
his private jet that went to his private island, that went to his massive ranch
in New Mexico were also involved in the rape, torture and traf ficking of
children.
CINDY  McCAIN: It hides in plain sight. Epstein was hiding in plain sight.
We all knew about him. We all knew what he was doing, but we had no one
that was the legal aspect, that would go after him. They were afraid of him,
for whatever reason they were afraid of him.
LIZ: And the amazing thing about Cindy McCain is that her husband was a
senator . She was on a board with the governor of Texas. She knew about
Jeffrey Epstein. She did nothing and her or ganization, the role of her
organization is supposed to be to stop people like Jef frey Epstein. They all
knew . They did nothing about it. When Ricky Gervais said at the Golden
Globes, “you're all friends of Jef frey Epstein” he wasn't lying.
RICKY  GER VAIS: So in the end he obviously didn't kill himself just like
Jeffrey Epstein. Shut up, I know he's your friend, but I don't care. You act
like your own way here in your own plane didn't ya, right.
LIZ: How many of those elites have been to his island. Not only is the
mainstream media complicit, I would ar gue that they are accessories in the
crimes against children.
AMY  ROBACH: She told me everything. She had pictures. She had
everything. She was in hiding for 12 years. We convinced her to come out.
We convinced her to talk to us. It was unbelievable what we had. Clinton,
we had everything. I tried for three years to get it on to no avail and now it's
all coming out and it's like these new revelations and I freaking had all of it.
I was so pissed, right now , like every day , I get more and more pissed cuz
I'm just like, oh my god, what we had was unreal. Brad Edwards, the
Attorney , three years ago saying, there will come a day when we will
realize Jef frey Epstein was the most prolific pedophile this country has ever
known and I had it all three years ago.
LIZ: Then, what happened in early 2018, Keith Renier , who ran the
NXIVM child sex traf ficking cult was arrested. Who else was arrested?



Allison Mack. She's a famous celebrity who was on Smallville she was also
arrested for being a member of this cult that was involved in traf ficking
children and not only traf ficking children, they were running preschools
down in Mexico and NXIVM is another example of how these elite
pedophile rings exist because this was a massive or ganization this was
funded by really wealthy people including the Seagram heiresses Nancy
Salzman and Claire Bronfman, so obviously they were using those
preschools to traf fic children and the cult also engaged in human torture
experiments on some of their members and there actually was a civil
lawsuit that was filed by 90 of their victims just the other day so I imagine
we are gonna hear more about the human experiments, the torturing, the
sexual abuse and the child sex traf ficking in this civil lawsuit and a lot of
the techniques that we see in this cult are very similar to the techniques that
our government used in the MKUL TRA  program.
VICTIM: It was branding women with Keith's initials and they were like,
but what's the bad thing exactly about that everyone on the outside world
aka the real world is like that branding women, so I left. I went to the
Executive Board and I said I want my photos back, my videos back. The
branding session was filmed. I want all of that back, want my collateral
back. None of that happened.
KEVIN SHIPP: And it's the same fear , mind control and you'll be destroyed
if you cross, get into the upper elites, and if you get to that point. If you
start revealing anything they have the same system to completely destroy
you, destroy your career , blackmail you, like Epstein, keep you, catch you,
film you in compromising positions and this goes both within Hollywood
and celebrities and some of the elite and it also goes on in Congress and the
Senate and if they even insinuate that they're going to reveal some of these
things, they're done.
MALE: [Applause] [Music] You know what, you’ve all been lied to.
[Applause] Google lied to you. Facebook lied to you. Gladio lied to you.
LIZ: The powerful people that be, whether it's the music industry or the
movie industry , you are only allowed a certain level of success, if you are
willing to join their club, if you're willing to be part of their secret society



or if you're compromised. They will not let someone obtain a lot of fame
and power if they can't control you.
KEVIN SHIPP: A classic example that at least for me is Katy Perry . Katy
Perry was a gospel singer , very talented, but she was going nowhere and she
got up to Hollywood and basically they said, you want to be a success, you
play by our rules. You step into the occult and you start putting that in your
videos. And now she's doing videos with her in hell, with satanic themes
and she's what, highly successful. You see that over with Lady gaga who
came out and actually said she was so tired of being handled and
manipulated, she had to take a break.
MARINA  ABRAMOVIC: That this is this young outrageous girl wears
strange clothes. She's into extremes. She's experimental. She had 43 million
people on the Twitter following her whatever she do, little monsters, and
she came, really very humble, to my house and asked me if I could teach
her. We made this workshop in the woods and she was such a good student,
she never cheats. She really went much farther than I asked her for .
FEMALE: She is a limitless human being, as myself, a self-proclaimed pop
performance artist wanna go home and slit my wrists and I you know I have
nothing. I have achieved no sense of art. She is, she is so boundless. It was
the performance was for Lady Gaga who supported the synthesis as
[fuzzy]..
LIZ: Marina Abramovic, of course, is in the Podesta emails and she's the
one that conducts the spirit cooking dinners. She said that marina did an
exercise with her where she stripped her completely naked and left her in
the middle of the woods to fend for herself and find her way back. Those
are the kinds of things that people who are behind MKUL TRA  programs do
to children that they’re mind controlling.
We know Marina Abramovic is a Satanist. You google Marina Abramovic's
name and "spirit cooking" and you will find hundreds of pictures of Marina
Abramovic events where they will have, for example, cake that looks like a
human being and they'll depict human cannibalism and they claim they're
not engaging in cannibalism and you will find A-list actors and famous
politicians and other very famous and successful powerful business people



at her events. They literally have food that look like human beings on
dinner tables.
FEMALE: He's Italian and Greek I mean you know and a very good cook
and a very good cook and I'm sure there's something very nefarious about
that risotto recipe.
LIZ: So after I started researching the occult I learned that Satanists believe
that they have to reveal who they are in some way , shape or form. So that is
why we see a lot of these occult members in Hollywood constantly
flaunting symbolism. We see the pyramid a lot. We see the evil one eye
constantly . It's always on the cover of magazines. We see [hand gestsure],
these are supposed to be the 666 devil symbols. We constantly see those
symbols. We also see pedophile symbols, the swirl or the triangle within a
triangle and we also see a lot of these members of the cult go on their social
media and they talk about raping children. They talk about worshipping
Satan and people write it of f as joke, but they're not joking. I don't care if
you're a major comedian, you can't tell me that's funny , because there is no
joke about raping children that's funny .
TALK SHOW : He doesn't know , David Letterman doesn't know , you don't
know , all the comics and show business don't know , what this is [makes
hand/mouth gesture].
KEVIN SHIPP: It takes guts to put out a film that does this, cuz no one's
done it up until now , but when that's done and people see these facts and
they say , my gosh I didn't know that. I didn't know that about the Gulf of
Tonkin. I didn't know that about the Vietnam War, my gosh and they go in,
they check it out. It's all true and now they're seeing the dots and a good
film will teach them how to practice critical thinking, to analyze what
you're watching. If we can get people to analyze what they're watching
we've crossed a huge hurdle because once they start analyzing it they're
gonna see the dots and typically the dots will connect themselves.
HOST : Liz Crokin put herself so far out in front that she was mocked. She
was laughed at. She was called crazy . Well let me ask you a question, for all
those people that did that to Liz, does she seem so crazy now?



LIZ: When you put all of those facts together and you use critical thinking,
do you realize this stuf f is real? There's not one smoking gun there's many
small  smoking guns that you have to piece together and you have to use
critical thinking to understand this stuf f is real. So again the bigger question
is, now that Jef frey Epstein has been exposed and he's allegedly dead, how
many of his friends that were frequent visitors on his sex traf ficking islands
were also involved in the rape, torture and traf ficking of children? And
that's what Pizzagate is.



Fall Cabal Parts 1-10 The End of the World as we
know it
by Janet Ossebaard free documentary available as pieces* or one file
https://www .youtube.com/watch?v=JGsyP69YmzY  2hr 39min In a
sweeping three-hour ten-part narrative Dutch researcher/videographer Janet
Ossebaard touches on the ABC essentials of deep state realities in bite size
pieces. Her clear and engaging style brings each topic to life with shocking
little known insights that untangle the vast jungle of misinformation that is
served up daily by the mainstream media.
Part 5 of her series jumps headlong into the Pizzagate fiasco with details of
fresh facts never seen in other treatments and has a global emphasis. A
annotated table of contents to the other parts/topics is available for those
who want a sense of scope and context.
After Part 5 we segue into a later part that continues the Pizzagate thread.
Her material is a lar ge and broad presentation geared for general audiences
best viewed a little at a time.
* https://phibetaiota.net/2020/02/full-cabal-part-10-jfk-jr -alive-free-ener gy-world-peace/  series
summaries



Fall Cabal Part 5 Children, Art & Pizza
https://www .youtube.com/watch?v=h2msN8A vzaE  20min
In part one we briefly looked at the sexualization of children and the
normalization of pedophilia in our society . Innocence is sexier than you
think and what about this clothing store called Sweet and Sexy Kids. What
the hell is sexy about kids? In an academic presentation at Cambridge
University in June 2018, it was actually stated that the majority of men are
probably pedophiles and that pedophilic interest is normal and healthy . The
New York Times declared pedophilia not a crime, but a disorder and during
two TEDx talks pedophilia was presented not as a disorder , but as a sexual
orientation. Posters were spread. And Cosmopolitan magazine published an
article by the hand of a young woman who became a father's lover . Now , of
course, in order to make all of this legal the age of consent had to go down,
so that having sex with a child wouldn't no longer be a crime. No problem.
Judges and politicians at the highest level did their utmost best to take care
of that [e.g. Ruth Bader Ginsber g]. Not many people know that Patricia
Hewitt was general secretary of the NCCL, later known as Liberty which
was af filiated to PIE, the Pedophile Information Exchange. Then this
former British prime minister , Theresa May , who thinks pedophiles should
be allowed to adopt children too. When you study the patterns of this topic
it seems there is a lar ger plan behind it all. Why is it so important to legalize
pedophilia? Why is having sex with children so important? Any
psychologist can tell you how harmful it is for children to have sex at a
young age and that consent is a very dangerous concept as pedophiles often
tell their children they are simply demonstrating just how much they love
them. Sex is then confused with love. The child cannot comprehend the
subsequent feelings of pain, shame, anger and fear . The secrecy put upon
them is hard to deal with. All of this results in great trauma. Why then
would a society push pedophilia down our throats, bit by bit, step by step,
normalizing it so that we grow to the idea, instead of reject it? Why create a
society of traumatized people? Why are pedophile logos used in children
cartoons, Disney movies, candy and ice cream, child protection centres,
adoption agencies, in business and in politics. Meet Sheila Jackson-Lee
member of the House of Representatives proudly wearing a young boy-



lover ring. What is going on here? Let's follow a lead. Check this out. This
still image appears in a video clip of a band called Sex Stains and this is
where it gets interesting. They played at Comet Ping-pong a restaurant in
Washington DC best known for its pizzas, ping pong tables in the basement,
high-profile clients such as Hillary Clinton and the Obamas and a
conspiracy theory called Pizzagate, more of our which in a bit.



Meet the owner of Comet Ping-pong, James Achilles
Alefantis. When Alefantis started his restaurant in
2006, he didn't have much according to himself. Yet
in 2012, only six years later, he was named as one of
the 50 most powerful people in Washington D.C.
That fascinates me. You don't become that powerful
by running a pizza place. So who exactly is James
Alefantis? He portrays Comet Ping-pong as a family-
friendly restaurant, yet his tweets and those posted on
his Twitter account are controversial to say the least.
It's clear that Alefantis loves art. Comet Ping-pong
often displays the work of artists with a very specific
taste. This is the work of Arrington de Dionyso , hmm not a
big Trump fan, huh?



Why is this on the walls of a child-friendly pizza
place? Alefantis loves a good party. Now here's a
picture he wishes he never posted. Meet his party
friend, miss summer camp. What else? He had a love
affair with David Brooke political consultant and
founder of Media Matters for America, a progressive
research and information center dedicated to
comprehensively monitor analyze and correct



conservative misinformation in the U.S. media, in
other words an organization for censorship. Brooks
Media Matters received 1 million dollars from none
other than George Soros back in 2010. Brooke also
founded Correct the Record with the sole purpose of
censoring all negative reports on Hillary Clinton on
social media, censorship, once again. So James
Alefantis is definitely a lead we must follow. What
else do we know about him? He is best friends with a
political top of the U.S. He is closely connected to
the Podesta brothers John and Tony Podesta.
John Podesta is quite a hotshot in American politics.
He was White House chief of staff to President
Clinton, counselor to President Obama and chairman
of the 2016 Hillary Clinton presidential campaign.
Tony Podesta is a political lobbyist and art supporter.



He and his ex-wife Heather collect the work or for
instance than Dutch artist Margi Geerlinks,
fascinating to say the least. They are also great
admirers and buyers of the work of Patricia Piccinini
and what about the work of Bill Jana Georgiyevich
that actually adorns the Podesta's living room. This is
Louise Bourgeois. Her work is prominently present
in Tony Podesta's mansion. This piece is called Arch



of Hysteria. It greatly resembles the work of Jeffrey
Dahmer, a serial killer, who liked to dismember his
victims and leave them in a somewhat awkward
positions. And then there's the most interesting work
of Kim Noble, a survivor of severe trauma in early
childhood which left her with 13 alter personas, but
our work shows the horrific things she experienced as
a young child like torture and rape.
 
 
A work is exhibited in Comet Ping-pong, our child-
friendly pizza place. Now, I don't know about you,



but this makes me sick as a dog. The more I study
Pizzagate, the more I realized this was quite likely
conspiracy fact, not theory. [Music] What kind of a
pizza place exhibits naked, abused, tortured, raped
and even dead children on its walls? What kind of
man becomes one of the most powerful people in
Washington D.C. serving pizza? How come the
political top of the U.S., the Podesta's, the Clintons,
and even Obama, president of the U.S. at that time,
how come they all want to spend time with a sick
perv like Alefantis? I think I know.
For a while I thought the name Alefantis was fake.
This man was way too powerful to come from an
ordinary family. Could Alefantis be a French
bastardization of J’aime les enfants , I love children, but
then some anons pointed out he could well be a
Rothchild. After some digging I came across an
interesting twist in a Rothschild family tree starting
with Evelyn Achilles, the Rothschild. His middle
name kind of gives it away doesn't it. He was born in
Buffalo, New York in 1886 and died in World War I
in 1917. Two years before he died his illegitimate son
Louie George was born, but as he wasn't married his
son inherited the name of his mother, Alefantis. The



boy grew up and married Helen Repose and had two
sons, one of which is Achilles Louie Alefantis, the
father of our very own James Achilles Alefantis. His
mother's name is Susan Reed Shoemaker. So his
middle name Achilles takes him all the way back to
his great grandfather and even further back to his
great great grandmother the Italian Marie Perugia her
father's name was Achilles Perugia. In short James
Achilles Alefantis is a real genuine full-on
Rothschild. That explains his power and his friends.
It explains his close proximity to the Clintons, just
like his uncle and aunt Evelyn and Lynn de
Rothschild.
So are we to believe that our political leaders simply
enjoy pizza and sick art? Is that it? What is it with
pizza anyway? Why is it so sexualized? What's with
the Besta Pizza pedophile logo, which by the way
was quickly changed the moment Pizzagate became
an item? Is it all just a coincidence that the Podesta
emails revealed to the public by WikiLeaks in 2016
contains countless Pizza related words such as
cheese, hot dogs, pasta, walnut sauce? When you
actually know what those words mean, which is
common knowledge in the sex industry, [Pizza=child,



Cheese=girl, Pasta=boy, Hotdog=boy, Ice
Cream=male prostitute, Walnut=of dark skin colour,
Sauce=orgy, Map=semen] these emails suddenly
become shocking. [Music] [Music] Is this why
Hillary deleted 33,000 emails for which she is
currently scrutinized? Does that explain what Obama
meant when he ordered 65 thousand dollars worth of
hot dogs and pizza flown in from Chicago to the
White House in the middle of the night to a private
party? Is that why Hillary emailed Obama warning
him he needed to be more careful next time. The hot
dogs can come, but if you make a spectacle out of it,
that will be our downfall and I think it would be
wiser to restrict this activity to our predetermined
locations.
Really, for a few hot dogs? Isn't it weird that these
security camera pictures of children lying on ping-
pong tables in the basement of Comet ping-pong are
shown on the walls upstairs? Who the hell was
watching them? And why does their website have a
super secured backdoor to a secret division where
you can order pizza pictures for absurd prices? This
screenshot was made public by a hacker. It's in low
resolution, so I will read out loud what it says at the



bottom “this month we have five fresh pizzas for
your enjoyment we also have four surviving pizzas
from last month's session. All are on sale at an
extremely low price as they are in poor health and not
expected to survive so requirement is that you finish
eating your pizza after your session. This month's
special includes a 30% discount on severe torture.
Each image below is available for $1,000 in fine
print." Why are they talking about kill rooms, murder
and rinsing it off when you're done. What the hell is
going on here? To tell you the truth at this point in
my research I experience what we call cognitive
dissonance.
[Sometimes people hold a core belief that is very
strong. When they are presented with evidence that
works against that belief, the new evidence cannot be
accepted. It creates a feeling that is extremely
uncomfortable, called Cognitive Dissonance. And
because it is so important to protect the core belief,
they will rationalize, ignore and even deny anything
that does not fit in with that core belief.]
[Music] What I'd found out was so contrary to my
belief system that I wanted to dismiss my
discoveries. It just could not be true that the people



we trust, the ones we vote for, was so evil. I simply
could not handle the facts. How could people so
charming and intelligent be part of the child
trafficking pedophile ring where children were
tortured raped and killed from pleasure or as I would
later find out for something even more horrific? I felt
like I'd ended up in a nightmare. All I wanted to do
was dismiss it all. Couldn't it just be all coincidence
that the Clintons and the Obamas and Trudeau,
beautiful charming Trudeau, had surrounded
themselves with the wrong friends. If the friends are
all pedophiles that doesn't mean they are, right? And
maybe they don't even know about the friend's sexual
preferences. I mean, I know Bill Clinton's healer, the
Brazilian John of Gaunt, was recently arrested for
keeping sex slaves whom he made pregnant time and
again. I know he admitted to selling the babies for
thousands of dollars and killing the slave mothers
after ten years of giving birth. I know the main
whistleblower in this case suddenly died a suspicious
death, but come on. How could Bill Clinton have
known? And I know he went to the private island of
convicted pedophile Jeffrey Epstein. I know he was
on the plane guest list 26 times together with other
sex offenders like Kevin Spacey who was recently



arrested for multiple rape accounts, among others,
with young boys, but that doesn't make Clinton's sex
rage an animal, right? I know he was investigated for
the rape of a young boy by Jenny Moore, a former
police officer who informed the FBI and the
Department for Homeland Security after which she
suddenly died in her hotel room, but that doesn't
make Bill Clinton a murderer does it? I decided to do
more research. I needed more supporting evidence. I
went back to the artwork I was intrigued by the
bathroom or swimming pool or whatever it was.
Where was it? When this [picture] appeared on 8chan
I knew I was on the right path. Not just me but
thousands of anons searched for it and found it. It
actually existed. Do you want to know where it is?
Come with me to part six.



Fall Cabal Part 8 Beyond kings & queens
https://www .youtube.com/watch?v=jnCCayci1Co  20min
The more I studied the hidden side of the European royal families the
further I fell down the rabbit hole until I stumbled upon something
extremely dark. I will spare you the gruesome details, they are too horrific,
too sickening. I ur ge you to do your own research. Google the names you're
about to hear . Read and listen for yourself and make up your own mind.
This is where Pizzagate returns to the story . Pizzagate is not just an
American problem, it's a global problem. Let's get down to the real
definition of Pizzagate. Worldwide children are stolen and sold to elite
pedophile rings. They are tortured, raped, and murdered as part of satanic
ritual ceremonies. The murderers then drink the children's blood and they
eat their flesh. The blood of children who were severely traumatized before
they died contains Adrenochrome, a natural drug produced by the pineal
gland in a brain. Adrenochrome is the highest valued drug in the world. The
God these people serve is Satan. It's not a God of love and mercy . Whether
or not you believe in the existence of Satan is not relevant. They do and
according to each and every eyewitness who has the guts to step forward
Pizzagate is real. Remember Mel Gibson's statements. He was ousted for
not wanting to participate. He witnessed it though and he is one of the very
few who dares to speak about it. Personally I think it's a miracle that he's
still alive. Adrenochrome is real it is the ultimate drug. This is what you
look like when you take it and this is when you no longer have access to it.
Thanks to President Trump there was not as much time between these
photos as you may think.
“Although many people find participating in and observing sexual
congress both pleasurable and fulfilling, I sometimes find it
challenging to observe the subsequent removal of adrenochrome from
the smaller participants…Ingesting the adrenochrome, however , is as
enjoyable a human activity as any I have yet engaged in…”



Mark Zuckerber g
Not many children survived the satanic ritual ceremony . The very few ones
that do were not meant to be killed, they were there to sexually serve the
elite, royalty , sheiks, top politicians, bankers, judges, church leaders,
worldwide. Most survivors were born into satanic cult families. When you
study all of the survivors accounts, you will see they have a lot in common,
the same description of the atrocity af flicted upon them, the same names of
perpetrators and the same elite they belong to. The problem, however , is
that these survivors are not believed by most people. It's easier to assume
that they're insane or attention seekers than to face the horrible truth.
Furthermore not many survivors dare to step forward. They are simply too
traumatized. I spent countless hours listening to their horrifying accounts. I
read police reports and I am convinced these people are not crazy . They are
not attention seekers nor liars. Their stories are consistent. Please do your
own research and find out about the following victims and/or eyewitnesses.
The Dutch, Anna Marie van Blijenbur gh, Toos Nijenhuis, Anneka Lucas
and Ronald Bernard. The Irishmen Richard Kerr , brother and sister Gabriel
and Alisa Dearman from the UK. The American Sarah Ruth Ashcroft and
the Australian Fiona Barnett. Whenever a child sex of fender was arrested in
the Netherlands and its neighboring Belgium think Marc Dutroux, Roberts
Mickelsons. They all swore they were supplying children for a lar ge elite
network. They were not believed. They were presented to the public as lone
wolves operating on their own.
Most viewers will now once again experience some more cognitive
dissonance, but hey remember when the first reports emer ged about the
sexual abuse of boys and girls by Catholic priests and nuns. At first nobody
believed it. People were too shocked to handle it, but now so many years
later, that is common knowledge to most people. The church paid millions
of dollars to its victims in an ef fort to silence them. We now have the
evidence we have numbers statistics people have grown used to the idea
that priests, bishops, and Cardinals raped children on an enormous scale.
And if you think the Pope's wash their hands in innocence you're in for a
big shock.



Now I realize that satanic cult of ferings of babies and children is a step
further than sexual abuse but I can assure you that more and more victims
will soon speak up and step by step people can work their way through their
cognitive dissonance so that soon we'll be able to save these children.
Where do these children come from? How come they can simply disappear
without a trace without worried parents who report them missing. They
come from orphanages, children's homes, youth detention centers. Some are
homeless, many are refugees fleeing wars. These children are stolen, sold.
We're talking the fastest growing trade here. According to the survivors not
only the Dutch but also the British royal family are heavily involved in all
of this. Back in the 1980s a major controversy arose when it became clear
that Prince Charles was a very close friend of Jimmy Savile a notorious
paedophile. Not only Charles the entire royal family loved Savile as dear
Prime Minister Mar garet Thatcher . Savile was named by many victims and
was said to have been extremely violent and cruel he was never prosecuted
and died a free man.
Then there's the interesting close friendship between Prince Andrew and
convicted pedophile Jef frey Epstein. Epstein held several young women as
sex slaves hiring them to his elite friends such as Prince Andrew . The royal
family has always denied the allegations. [Music]
[While making this documentary , Epstein was arrested once again. He
committed suicide in his prison cell on August 10, 2019. At least that is the
official narrative. Too many things about his death did not add up. I expect
the truth about his apparent suicide to surface soon.
Everyone who visited his island will be indicted soon. Think of big names
such as Prince Andrew , Bill and Hillary Clinton, John Podesta, James
Alefantis, Marina Abramovic, Tony Blair , Mark Zuckerber g (Facebook),
Jeff Bezos (Amazon), Eric Schmidt (Google), Bill Gates (Microsoft),
Evelyn and L ynn de Rothschild and many , many Hollywood stars. Is this
the beginning of the long awaited mass arrests that Q keeps referring to?]
[Music]



And there's more in 2015 a video emer ged short by his Swedish tourist at
Buckingham Palace it shows a naked boy climbing out of a window of the
palace using a bedsheet the boy cannot hold on and falls to the ground. The
mainstream media tried their utmost best to debunk the video. Buckingham
Palace declined to comment on the video and the Metropolitan Police said
they had no reports of the incident.
Now I don't know what it is with the royal family but something's definitely
weird. Have a look at Prince William's wife Kate right after giving birth in
2018 why on earth would she pick a dress that is identical to the one in the
horror movie Rosemary's Baby where rosemary gives birth to Satan's child?
What kind of an insane coincidence is that? According to the satanic ritual
abuse survivors the Pope's too were and are heavily involved. Both Francis,
Pope Benedict. Like I said they do not wash their hands and innocence. On
the contrary [Music]
 
"Their symbolism will be their downfall."
 
Both Pope Francis and Benedict loved hunting parties according to the
survivors. Once again I will do you the great favor of sparing you the
disgusting details, but it boils down to this. The hunting parties took place
in secret in forests most of which belong to royal estates in several
European countries. The participants, all part of the before-mentioned elites
satanic pedophile cult, would hunt down children, rape them murder them,
and cut of f their genitals as a trophy . In February 2013 former Pope,
Benedict Joseph Ratzinger , was prosecuted and sentenced by default for
crimes against humanity by the international tribunal into crimes of church
and state. Ratzinger ’s crimes included child traf ficking and protecting
priests who had raped children. Is this why he stepped down, even though
being a pope is a nomination for life. Interesting little detail is that lightning
struck St. Peters twice only moments after his resignation. The same verdict
followed for Pope Francis, one accusation was added, complicity in murder
in Argentina. Others who were also prosecuted and sentenced for crimes
against humanity with a British Queen Elizabeth Windsor and her husband



Prince Philip, former Canadian Prime Minister Harper and 27 other
dignitaries. Whether or not this will lead to arrests time will tell. For now
both the Pope and the royal family enjoy immunity . The International
Tribunal into crimes of church and state extensively investigated the case of
the rape torture and murder 50,000 native children in Canada. The United
Church of Canada the Anglican Church and the British royal family played
a major role in this case as did the Dutch royal family who fled to Canada
to be safe from World War II. As far back as 1942 an investigative journalist
of the Canada Gazette thoroughly studied the case and came to the shocking
conclusion that 50,000 Native children had disappeared from 80 Canadian
Indian Residential schools and that 31 mass grave sites have been found
inside the school grounds containing the remains of children. Now as
shocking as this may be it is nothing new . On a regular basis mass baby and
children's graves are discovered often near nunneries. In some cases we
don't know exactly what happened. In other cases we do know due to
forensic evidence and the eyewitness accounts of survivors. Mel Gibson
was right when he said that satanic cults with child sacrifices are nothing
new.
It goes way back into history for thousands of years children have been
murdered to please Satan, Lucifer , Baal, Moloch, or whatever you want to
call him. I found many paintings of John sacrificing Catholic churches
during my own research. It's part of human history , but that doesn't mean
it's okay . [Music] We all know about the Aztecs and the human sacrifices
and we can deal with that for its old. but until recently I was not aware of
any of this. I'd never heard about Pizzagate and Satanic Luciferian cults
with child sacrifice. I thought it belonged to the past, to the dark ages. Well
I guess we're still living in the dark ages. All of the satanic cults are
connected worldwide. People at the highest level are only at the highest
level because they participate and once you're in you're in for life. Through
blackmail with pictures and video footage taken in secret and some don't
even need blackmail, they simply thrive on the pain and suf fering of others.
Some names have been named , others will follow soon. The people will be
shocked to the core when this comes out. Let me give you one piece of
advice when the video of Hillary Clinton and her right hand Huma Abedin
raping, torturing, mutilating and killing a little girl comes out in the open,
do not watch it. You will not sleep again. [Music]



Those who know cannot sleep.
Those who know cannot find peace.
Those who know will not rest until those responsible will be held
accountable.
Nobody can possibly imagine the pure evil and corruption there.
Those you trust are the most guilty of sin.
Who are we taught to trust?
If you are religious, PRA Y.
There are certain things I will not share with you here simply because they
are too horrific, like this shower torture of a child by John Podesta.
Search and find it for yourself, if you like. I wish to wake people up not
traumatize them. The same goes for the Red Shoes. Do you want to know
what they're made of? Do your own research. I'll give you a small hint. The
tradition of red shoes for the elite goes all the way back to the Byzantine
tradition when Kings would wear them as symbols of bloody martyrdom.
The video by the way was found on the confiscated laptop of Anthony
Weiner , the ex-husband of Huma Abedin. It was stored together with
thousands of other files in a folder called Life Insurance. Talk about
blackmail. Weiner , by the way , was sentenced to serve 21 months in prison
for sending sexual texts to a minor back in 2017. Oh and the good news is,
Weiner ’s laptop has of ficially been accepted in court as evidence. I can
assure you we'll be hearing a lot more about its contents very soon. Now
what happens when you try to make any of this public? Either your TV
career ends right there and then or you get a heart attack or your plane
crashes [Music] or you end up dead in hotel room [Music] or you are found
with a bullet in your back or you commit suicide.
[Music] And guess what I haven't even shown you the real top of the
pyramid of power yet, just the visible top. Did you think the roof Charles
the Rockefellers Geor ge Soros the government leaders even the royal
families did you think they are the top of the 1%? They are not. There is a
very dark order above them all making puppets of everybody else, even of
kings and queens. Ever heard of the Jesuit Order? Did you know that there



are three popes instead of one? Never heard of agenda 21, of its sequel the
depopulation program. This is so big it does not fit in this first documentary
it will form a film of its own which are promised to present in a very near
future. What I wish to give you now is hope. After all of this misery it's
time for some light and the good news is, there is plenty of that. Come with
me finally to the good news in part 9 and 10.



Epilogue
The pedophilia story cannot be swept under the carpet by MSM fake news.
And since the majority , or close to a majority , of those at the highest rungs
of power in this world are deranged, satanic worshipping pedophiles,
represented by the near four decades of nonstop Bush-Clinton-Obama reign
of terror , they know that their jig is up.
The Illuminati realize that maintaining their enslavement of humanity by
owning and controlling their morally challenged puppets they groom and
hand pick into power and then wield control over through blackmail and
death threats, they know those days are finally over . They're on the run. We
need a tsunami to drain the global swamp of perverse muck and vile
darkness to wash away their entrenched rotten filth that's parasitically been
sucking the lifeblood out of the human race for far too many centuries.
 
"Nobody can possibly imagine the pure evil and corruption out there."
"These people are sick!
Nothing can stop what is coming.
Nothing."
Let this be the year that together we take down the cabal and take back our
planet before they completely destroy it. While this year the elitists lose
their grip, they'll be throwing everything in their demonic power at us. So
let the wisdom of truth and justice be our faithful guide to peace, safety and
salvation.
As the dominoes fall a disillusioned and angry public will struggle to
comprehend the depth of the lies and terrors of history . The sooner they
reshuf fle the deck, the better they will sleep at night. Transparency wins.
"The enormity of what is coming will SHOCK THE WORLD."
"Enjoy the Show!"
"Power shall be RETURNED to the PEOPLE."



Caveat lector/visorum:
Exposure to live action video footage of satanic ritual abuse has sent
seasoned police professionals to therapists for PTSD. Choose your links
wisely if you want to sleep peacefully .